Ukraine plane may have been shot down by Iranian missile by mistake, report claims - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS1saWtlbHktc2hvdC1kb3duLWlyYW4tbWlzc2lsZS1yZXBvcnQvNDQxOTI2MzAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTkyNjMwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Impeachment state of play: Democrats lose patience with Nancy Pelosi - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zdGF0ZS1vZi1wbGF5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL2ltcGVhY2htZW50LXN0YXRlLW9mLXBsYXkvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pence says sharing intel with Congress could 'compromise' sources - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL25hdGlvbmFsLXNlY3VyaXR5L3BlbmNlLXNheXMtc2hhcmluZy1pbnRlbC1jb25ncmVzcy1jb3VsZC1jb21wcm9taXNlLXNvdXJjZXMtbjExMTI3OTHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjc5MQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Trump Moves to Exempt Big Projects From Environmental Review - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2xpbWF0ZS90cnVtcC1uZXBhLWVudmlyb25tZW50Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NsaW1hdGUvdHJ1bXAtbmVwYS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Major airlines divert flights from Iranian and Iraqi airspace - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9idXNpbmVzcy9haXJsaW5lcy1pcmFuLWFpcnNwYWNlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L2J1c2luZXNzL2FpcmxpbmVzLWlyYW4tYWlyc3BhY2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump 'All Is Well' Tweet Shows President Doesn't Care About Troops: Crow - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS90cnVtcC1hbGwtd2VsbC10d2VldC11cy10cm9vcHMtaXJhcS0xNDgxMDE20gFKaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL3RydW1wLWFsbC13ZWxsLXR3ZWV0LXVzLXRyb29wcy1pcmFxLTE0ODEwMTY_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Coyote attacks 5-year-old boy outside Chicago nature museum - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NveW90ZS1hdHRhY2tzLTUteWVhci1vbGQtYm95LW91dHNpZGUtY2hpY2Fnby1uYXR1cmUtbXVzZXVtL9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NveW90ZS1hdHRhY2tzLTUteWVhci1vbGQtYm95LW91dHNpZGUtY2hpY2Fnby1uYXR1cmUtbXVzZXVtL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

California Looks to Launch Its Own Prescription-Drug Label - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1sb29rcy10by1sYXVuY2gtaXRzLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbC0xMTU3ODU3ODQwN9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Racist slideshow? Outcry over photo of 4 black students, gorilla, "Monkey do" label after school trip to zoo - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvcGhvdG8tNC1ibGFjay1zdHVkZW50cy1nb3JpbGxhLW1vbmtleS1zZWUtbW9ua2V5LWRvLWxhYmVsLXNwYXJrLWNvbnRyb3ZlcnN5L9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3Bob3RvLTQtYmxhY2stc3R1ZGVudHMtZ29yaWxsYS1tb25rZXktc2VlLW1vbmtleS1kby1sYWJlbC1zcGFyay1jb250cm92ZXJzeS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

‘A Blood Bath’: 5 Dead as Gang Violence Rocks Mississippi Prisons - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktcHJpc29ucy5odG1s0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1wcmlzb25zLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Here's how much money Meghan Markle and Prince Harry could need to maintain their lavish lifestyle if they plan on becoming 'financially independent' - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaG93LW11Y2gtbW9uZXktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbmVlZC1maW5hbmNpYWwtaW5kZXBlbmRlbmNlLTIwMjAtMdIBbGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaG93LW11Y2gtbW9uZXktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbmVlZC1maW5hbmNpYWwtaW5kZXBlbmRlbmNlLTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Iranian official tweeted picture of Iran flag shortly after strike on Iraq bases - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC10d2VldHMtZmxhZy1waG90by1hZnRlci1zdHJpa2UtdHJ1bXAtdHdlZXQvMjg0MjY3NzAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NDI2NzcwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Bernie emerges as growing threat to Biden - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYmlkZW4tc2FuZGVycy1jb25jZXJuLTIwMjAtMDk2NTIw0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYmlkZW4tc2FuZGVycy1jb25jZXJuLTIwMjAtMDk2NTIw?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Australia's wildfire crisis faces a new foe: Misinformation - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS9lbnZpcm9ubWVudC9hdXN0cmFsaWEtcy13aWxkZmlyZS1jcmlzaXMtZmFjZXMtbmV3LWZvZS1taXNpbmZvcm1hdGlvbi1uMTExMjczNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEyNzM2?oc=5
http://www.nbcnews.com

Carlos Ghosn banned from leaving Lebanon - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50LzY0MDI2NjkyLTMyY2QtMTFlYS05NzAzLWVlYTBjYWUzZjBkZdIBP2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50LzY0MDI2NjkyLTMyY2QtMTFlYS05NzAzLWVlYTBjYWUzZjBkZQ?oc=5
https://www.ft.com

Taco Bell will test a 6-figure salary for managers and roll out paid sick leave as fast food's war for talent continues to rage - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdGFjby1iZWxsLXRlc3RpbmctMTAwMDAwLW1hbmFnZXItc2FsYXJ5LXBhaWQtc2ljay1sZWF2ZS0yMDIwLTHSAV5odHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3RhY28tYmVsbC10ZXN0aW5nLTEwMDAwMC1tYW5hZ2VyLXNhbGFyeS1wYWlkLXNpY2stbGVhdmUtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Bitcoin Crashes Back As The U.S. And Iran Send Mixed Messages [Updated] - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYmlsbHliYW1icm91Z2gvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9iaXRjb2luLXJvbGxlci1jb2FzdGVycy1hcy10aGUtdXMtYW5kLWlyYW4tc2VuZC1taXhlZC1tZXNzYWdlcy11cGRhdGVkL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2JpbGx5YmFtYnJvdWdoLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvYml0Y29pbi1yb2xsZXItY29hc3RlcnMtYXMtdGhlLXVzLWFuZC1pcmFuLXNlbmQtbWl4ZWQtbWVzc2FnZXMtdXBkYXRlZC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq surge to new records as market focus shifts to U.S.-China trade - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvZG93LXNldC10by1hdHRlbXB0LWEtcnVuLWF0LWFsbC10aW1lLWhpZ2gtYXMtc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LWZvY3VzLXNoaWZ0cy1mcm9tLWlyYW4tdG8tdXMtY2hpbmEtdHJhZGUtMjAyMC0wMS0wOdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC83NzBEM0FGQy0zMkQwLTExRUEtODdEMy0yRjBERkQ1RDMxOEI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Digital Trends Top Tech of CES 2020 Award Winners - Digital Trends
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRpZ2l0YWx0cmVuZHMuY29tL2ZlYXR1cmVzL2Jlc3QtdGVjaC1jZXMtMjAyMC_SAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5kaWdpdGFsdHJlbmRzLmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy9iZXN0LXRlY2gtY2VzLTIwMjAvP2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.digitaltrends.com

Intel DG1 Xe GPU & Our Sneaky Benchmark: Mixed First Impressions - Gamers Nexus
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dUhRWE1VSjJ0MlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The Morning After: Introducing the Best of CES 2020 finalists - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1tb3JuaW5nLWFmdGVyLWJlc3Qtb2YtY2VzLTIwMjAtZmluYWxpc3RzL9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90aGUtbW9ybmluZy1hZnRlci1iZXN0LW9mLWNlcy0yMDIwLWZpbmFsaXN0cy8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Pokémon Direct 1.9.2020 - Nintendo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bzVhZmFzRUFpTjDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Jillian Michaels Defends Lizzo Size Remark as Comment on Health Not Value - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWRlZmVuZC1saXp6by1mYXQtc2hhbWluZy1jb21tZW50LWhlYWx0aC1kaWFiZXRlcy_SAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamlsbGlhbi1taWNoYWVscy1kZWZlbmQtbGl6em8tZmF0LXNoYW1pbmctY29tbWVudC1oZWFsdGgtZGlhYmV0ZXMv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Harvey Weinstein trial: Judge won't step aside, prosecutor faces medical 'emergency' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hhcnZleS13ZWluc3RlaW4tdHJpYWwtZGF5LTQtanVkZ2UtcmVqZWN0cy1kZWZlbnNlLW1vdGlvbi8yODQ1NDgwMDAxL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg0NTQ4MDAwMQ?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Buck Henry, “The Graduate” Screenwriter and “Get Smart” Co-Creator, Dead at 89 - InsideHook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmluc2lkZWhvb2suY29tL2RhaWx5X2JyaWVmL2FydHMtZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9idWNrLWhlbnJ5LWRlYWQtYXQtODnSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnNpZGVob29rLmNvbS9kYWlseV9icmllZi9hcnRzLWVudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYnVjay1oZW5yeS1kZWFkLWF0LTg5L2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.insidehook.com

Brad Pitt Credits Bradley Cooper with Helping Him Get Sober: I've 'Been Happier Ever Since' - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1jcmVkaXRzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLTE1NDEzOTY1MC5odG1s0gFbaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9icmFkLXBpdHQtY3JlZGl0cy1icmFkbGV5LWNvb3Blci0xNTQxMzk2NTAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Mike McCarthy Cowboys hiring: How it impacts contract negotiations with veteran wideout Randall Cobb - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL21pa2UtbWNjYXJ0aHktY293Ym95cy1oaXJpbmctaG93LWl0LWltcGFjdHMtY29udHJhY3QtbmVnb3RpYXRpb25zLXdpdGgtdmV0ZXJhbi13aWRlb3V0LXJhbmRhbGwtY29iYi_SAYsBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9uZmwvbmV3cy9taWtlLW1jY2FydGh5LWNvd2JveXMtaGlyaW5nLWhvdy1pdC1pbXBhY3RzLWNvbnRyYWN0LW5lZ290aWF0aW9ucy13aXRoLXZldGVyYW4td2lkZW91dC1yYW5kYWxsLWNvYmIvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

LSU vs Clemson: Complete Guide to 2020 National Championship Game - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzAxNjAtbHN1LXZzLWNsZW1zb24tY29tcGxldGUtZ3VpZGUtdG8tMjAyMC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtZ2FtZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vc3luZGljYXRpb24uYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FtcC8yODcwMTYwLWxzdS12cy1jbGVtc29uLWNvbXBsZXRlLWd1aWRlLXRvLTIwMjAtbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLWdhbWUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

How the Thunder built the NBA’s best lineup using three point guards - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9uYmEvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc1NDAvb2tsYWhvbWEtY2l0eS10aHVuZGVyLWNocmlzLXBhdWwtc2hhaS1naWxnZW91cy1hbGV4YW5kZXLSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYm5hdGlvbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL25iYS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzU0MC9va2xhaG9tYS1jaXR5LXRodW5kZXItY2hyaXMtcGF1bC1zaGFpLWdpbGdlb3VzLWFsZXhhbmRlcg?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

Natural-born winner -- Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson 'thrives on pressure' - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDQwNzc0L25hdHVyYWwtYm9ybi13aW5uZXItaG91c3Rvbi10ZXhhbnMtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb24tdGhyaXZlcy1wcmVzc3VyZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDQwNzc0L25hdHVyYWwtYm9ybi13aW5uZXItaG91c3Rvbi10ZXhhbnMtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb24tdGhyaXZlcy1wcmVzc3VyZT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

NASA's 1st SLS Megarocket Core Loaded Onto Barge Ahead of Key Engine Test - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9uYXNhLXNscy1tZWdhcm9ja2V0LWNvcmUtc3RhZ2UtYmFyZ2Utcm9sbG91dC1waG90b3MuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9hbXAvbmFzYS1zbHMtbWVnYXJvY2tldC1jb3JlLXN0YWdlLWJhcmdlLXJvbGxvdXQtcGhvdG9zLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.space.com

This image could help explain the Milky Way's strange creamy center - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvdGhpcy1pbWFnZS1jb3VsZC1oZWxwLWV4cGxhaW4tdGhlbWlsa3ktd2F5cy1zdHJhbmdlLWNyZWFteS1jZW50ZXLSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlL3RoaXMtaW1hZ2UtY291bGQtaGVscC1leHBsYWluLXRoZW1pbGt5LXdheXMtc3RyYW5nZS1jcmVhbXktY2VudGVyLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Galaxy Group 13 Billion Light-Years Away Could Be Ending the Cosmic 'Dark Ages' Before Our Eyes - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9nYWxheGllcy1jbGVhci1jb3NtaWMtZm9nLWVwb2NoLW9mLXJlaW5vaXphdGlvbi5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGl2ZXNjaWVuY2UuY29tL2FtcC9nYWxheGllcy1jbGVhci1jb3NtaWMtZm9nLWVwb2NoLW9mLXJlaW5vaXphdGlvbi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Scientists put 3D glasses on cuttlefish and showed them film clips. The results were surprising - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC91cy8zZC1nbGFzc2VzLWN1dHRsZWZpc2gtc2NuLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdXMvM2QtZ2xhc3Nlcy1jdXR0bGVmaXNoLXNjbi10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wuhan pneumonia outbreak: A new virus may be the cause - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgwNjkvd3VoYW4tcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFr0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgwNjkvd3VoYW4tcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFr?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Trump makes misleading brag about lower cancer deaths - Politico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtbWFrZXMtbWlzbGVhZGluZy1icmFnLWFib3V0LWxvd2VyLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aHMtMDk2NzA00gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtbWFrZXMtbWlzbGVhZGluZy1icmFnLWFib3V0LWxvd2VyLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aHMtMDk2NzA0?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

More Americans are killing themselves at work - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tb3JlLWFtZXJpY2Fucy1hcmUta2lsbGluZy10aGVtc2VsdmVzLXdvcmsv0gFraHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL2hlYWx0aC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21vcmUtYW1lcmljYW5zLWFyZS1raWxsaW5nLXRoZW1zZWx2ZXMtd29yay8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

12 Oklahomans have died, 649 hospitalized due to the flu since season began, health officials say - KOCO Oklahoma City
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5rb2NvLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlLzEyLW9rbGFob21hbnMtaGF2ZS1kaWVkLTY0OS1ob3NwaXRhbGl6ZWQtZHVlLXRvLXRoZS1mbHUtc2luY2Utc2Vhc29uLWJlZ2FuLWhlYWx0aC1vZmZpY2lhbHMtc2F5LzMwNDU2NjA00gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtvY28uY29tL2FtcC9hcnRpY2xlLzEyLW9rbGFob21hbnMtaGF2ZS1kaWVkLTY0OS1ob3NwaXRhbGl6ZWQtZHVlLXRvLXRoZS1mbHUtc2luY2Utc2Vhc29uLWJlZ2FuLWhlYWx0aC1vZmZpY2lhbHMtc2F5LzMwNDU2NjA0?oc=5
https://www.koco.com

Sen. Mike Lee lambasts briefing on Soleimani strike as "worst" he's received on military issue - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL21pa2UtbGVlLXNlbmF0b3ItdXRhaC1sYW1iYXN0cy10cnVtcC1icmllZmluZy1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlLXdvcnN0LWhlcy1yZWNlaXZlZC1vbi1taWxpdGFyeS1pc3N1ZS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbWlrZS1sZWUtc2VuYXRvci11dGFoLWxhbWJhc3RzLXRydW1wLWJyaWVmaW5nLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1zdHJpa2Utd29yc3QtaGVzLXJlY2VpdmVkLW9uLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWlzc3VlLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Trump proposes change to environmental rules to speed up highway projects, pipelines and more - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

California Governor Pushes $1.4 Billion Plan To Tackle Homelessness - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC83OTQ2ODcwODQvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1nb3Zlcm5vci1wdXNoZXMtMS00LWJpbGxpb24tcGxhbi10by10YWNrbGUtaG9tZWxlc3NuZXNz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Omar rips Trump on new Iran sanctions: 'This is not a measured response' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3Mzk4LW9tYXItcmlwcy10cnVtcC1vbi1uZXctaXJhbi1zYW5jdGlvbnMtdGhpcy1pcy1ub3QtYS1tZWFzdXJlZC1yZXNwb25zZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3Mzk4LW9tYXItcmlwcy10cnVtcC1vbi1uZXctaXJhbi1zYW5jdGlvbnMtdGhpcy1pcy1ub3QtYS1tZWFzdXJlZC1yZXNwb25zZT9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Booker: Trump impeachment trial could deal a 'big blow' to my campaign - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vYm9va2VyLXRydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLWNvdWxkLWRlYWwtYmlnLWJsb3ctbXktY2FtcGFpZ24tbjExMTI4MjbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjgyNg?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

How Will Trump Respond to Iran Missile Strikes? - Bloomberg Politics
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VVJzclVFQnBVZFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Rotten Tomatoes Predicts the 2020 Oscar Nominations! - Rotten Tomatoes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vZWRpdG9yaWFsLnJvdHRlbnRvbWF0b2VzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3JvdHRlbi10b21hdG9lcy1wcmVkaWN0cy10aGUtMjAyMC1vc2Nhci1ub21pbmF0aW9ucy_SAQA?oc=5
https://editorial.rottentomatoes.com

Chris Paul Found A Time Machine In Oklahoma City - FiveThirtyEight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vZml2ZXRoaXJ0eWVpZ2h0LmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy9jaHJpcy1wYXVsLWZvdW5kLWEtdGltZS1tYWNoaW5lLWluLW9rbGFob21hLWNpdHkv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9maXZldGhpcnR5ZWlnaHQuY29tL2ZlYXR1cmVzL2NocmlzLXBhdWwtZm91bmQtYS10aW1lLW1hY2hpbmUtaW4tb2tsYWhvbWEtY2l0eS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fivethirtyeight.com

Deshaun Watson’s 7 sacks vs. Bills is a pattern the Chiefs can exploit - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9uZmwvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTQzMjQvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLTIwMjAtdGV4YW5zLWNoaWVmcy1maWxtLWJpbGxzLXNhY2tzLWFsbG93ZWQtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb27SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2JuYXRpb24uY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC9uZmwvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTQzMjQvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLTIwMjAtdGV4YW5zLWNoaWVmcy1maWxtLWJpbGxzLXNhY2tzLWFsbG93ZWQtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb24?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

Iran 'mistakenly shot down Ukraine jet' - US media - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA1NTIxOdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Exclusive: Americans say Soleimani's killing made US less safe, Trump 'reckless' on Iran - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2tpbGxpbmctc29sZWltYW5pLW1hZGUtdXMtbGVzcy1zYWZlLXRydW1wLXJlY2tsZXNzLWlyYW4tcG9sbC8yODM1OTYyMDAxL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvMjgzNTk2MjAwMQ?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

2020 Democrats send prayers to troops after Iranian attack on Iraq base housing US military - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wNy8yMDIwLWRlbXMtcmVhY3QtaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFja3MtaXJhcWktYmFzZXMtc2VuZC1wcmF5ZXJzLzI4MzgwODEwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODM4MDgxMDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Retaliation possible after Iran launches missiles at U.S. troops in Iraq - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9STVjMlc0cXE2SjTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Buttigieg, Biden, Sanders battle for lead in latest New Hampshire poll - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2J1dHRpZ2llZy1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJzLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmXSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9idXR0aWdpZWctYmlkZW4tc2FuZGVycy1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Soleimani killing: Iran warns US against further retaliation - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TVMxQXVDVUctX3fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Ravens RB Mark Ingram (calf) returns to practice - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUyODEyL3JhdmVucy1yYi1tYXJrLWluZ3JhbS1jYWxmLXJldHVybnMtcHJhY3RpY2XSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1MjgxMi9yYXZlbnMtcmItbWFyay1pbmdyYW0tY2FsZi1yZXR1cm5zLXByYWN0aWNlP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Subaru is recalling nearly 500,000 vehicles because the airbags could explode - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9zdWJhcnUtMjAyMC1yZWNhbGwtYWlyYmFnLWV4cGxvZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9zdWJhcnUtMjAyMC1yZWNhbGwtYWlyYmFnLWV4cGxvZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Woman was worried before her plane crashed in Iran, her husband says. She called him 20 minutes before takeoff - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtdmljdGltLWh1c2JhbmQtc3BlYWtzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21pZGRsZWVhc3QvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC12aWN0aW0taHVzYmFuZC1zcGVha3MvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

This is Intel’s DG1 discrete GPU, but you can’t buy one - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODQyMi9pbnRlbC1kZzEtZGlzY3JldGUtZ3B1LWdyYXBoaWNzLWNhcmQtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LWNlcy0yMDIw0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhldmVyZ2UuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODQyMi9pbnRlbC1kZzEtZGlzY3JldGUtZ3B1LWdyYXBoaWNzLWNhcmQtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Mystery pneumonia in China may be coronavirus variant: report | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NTA1LW15c3RlcnktcG5ldW1vbmlhLW1heS1iZS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy12YXJpYW50LXJlcG9ydNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NTA1LW15c3RlcnktcG5ldW1vbmlhLW1heS1iZS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy12YXJpYW50LXJlcG9ydD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Madame Tussauds removes waxworks of Harry and Meghan from royal family display - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtYnJpdGFpbi1yb3lhbHMtd2F4d29yay1pZFVTS0JOMVo4MVdX0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaODFXVw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Iran supreme leader says missile attack was a 'slap on the face' for US but it was 'not enough' - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi1zdXByZW1lLWxlYWRlci1zYXlzLW1pc3NpbGUtYXR0YWNrLXdhcy1hLXNsYXAtaW4tdGhlLWZhY2UtZm9yLXVzLmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9pcmFuLXN1cHJlbWUtbGVhZGVyLXNheXMtbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2std2FzLWEtc2xhcC1pbi10aGUtZmFjZS1mb3ItdXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Here's what happened to the stock market on Wednesday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvd2hhdC1oYXBwZW5lZC10by1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtd2VkbmVzZGF5Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC93aGF0LWhhcHBlbmVkLXRvLXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC13ZWRuZXNkYXkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Brad Pitt ‘Got Sober’ Because of Bradley Cooper - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvYnJhZC1waXR0LXNvYmVyLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL3d3dy52dWx0dXJlLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS9icmFkLXBpdHQtc29iZXItYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXIuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Ukrainian jet crash that killed 176: Evidence suggests plane shot by Iranian missiles, sources say - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvdWtyYWluaWFuLWpldC1jcmFzaGVkLWtpbGxpbmctMTc2LWFwcGVhcnMtaGF2ZS1iZWVuLXNob3QtaXJhbmlhbi1uMTExMjk5NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEyOTk2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Senate Democrats break with Pelosi over impeachment trial - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvc2VuYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1icmVhay1wZWxvc2ktb3Zlci1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0wOTYyMjTSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9zZW5hdGUtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWJyZWFrLXBlbG9zaS1vdmVyLWltcGVhY2htZW50LTA5NjIyNA?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

US increasingly believes Iran shot down Ukrainian airliner by accident - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9pcy1pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvaXMtaXJhbi11a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Rep. Stefanik tweets altered photo of Pelosi in GOP fundraising appeal - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiqAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvcmVwLXN0ZWZhbmlrLXR3ZWV0cy1hbHRlcmVkLXBob3RvLW9mLXBlbG9zaS1pbi1nb3AtZnVuZHJhaXNpbmctYXBwZWFsLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvMzBjNmY1NmMtMzJlNy0xMWVhLWEwNTMtZGM2ZDk0NGJhNzc2X3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAbcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3JlcC1zdGVmYW5pay10d2VldHMtYWx0ZXJlZC1waG90by1vZi1wZWxvc2ktaW4tZ29wLWZ1bmRyYWlzaW5nLWFwcGVhbC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5LzMwYzZmNTZjLTMyZTctMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Trump Rule Would Overhaul Landmark Environmental Law - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4NTc1MjMvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24tcHJvcG9zZXMtbWFqb3ItY2hhbmdlcy10by1iZWRyb2NrLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtbGF30gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Lebanon bans ex-Nissan chief Ghosn from traveling - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbGViYW5vbi1iYW5zLWV4LW5pc3Nhbi1jaGllZi1naG9zbi1mcm9tLXRyYXZlbGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5LzZlMGI3M2YwLTMyZWEtMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGgAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9sZWJhbm9uLWJhbnMtZXgtbmlzc2FuLWNoaWVmLWdob3NuLWZyb20tdHJhdmVsaW5nLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvNmUwYjczZjAtMzJlYS0xMWVhLTk3MWItNDNiZWMzZmY5ODYwX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Meghan and Harry waxworks removed from Royal family display at Madame Tussauds - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vc3R5bGUvYXJ0aWNsZS9kdWtlLWR1Y2hlc3Mtc3Vzc2V4LW1hZGFtZS10dXNzYXVkcy1yZW1vdmFsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbm4uY29tL3N0eWxlL2FtcC9kdWtlLWR1Y2hlc3Mtc3Vzc2V4LW1hZGFtZS10dXNzYXVkcy1yZW1vdmFsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iran fires ballistic missiles at two bases housing U.S. troops in Iraq - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MTFaOUhvelhfVHfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Greenpeace Calls Out Alibaba, Tencent in First China Ranking - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9ncmVlbnBlYWNlLWNhbGxzLWFsaWJhYmEtdGVuY2VudC1tYWlkZW4tMDIwMDAwNjE0Lmh0bWzSAV1odHRwczovL2ZpbmFuY2UueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvbmV3cy9ncmVlbnBlYWNlLWNhbGxzLWFsaWJhYmEtdGVuY2VudC1tYWlkZW4tMDIwMDAwNjE0Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

And You Thought Brexit Was Tough … - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2JyZXhpdC11bml0ZWQta2luZ2RvbS5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC93b3JsZC9ldXJvcGUvYnJleGl0LXVuaXRlZC1raW5nZG9tLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

What lies ahead for Iraq? | The Stream - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9c2RlM3NVV0ZRNVnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Australia wildfires force evacuations ahead of 'dangerous, dynamic' forecast; PM has another gaffe - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkL2F1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtZXZhY3VhdGlvbi1mb3JlY2FzdC1kYW5nZXJvdXMtbW9ycmlzb24tY29ycmVjdGVk0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1ldmFjdWF0aW9uLWZvcmVjYXN0LWRhbmdlcm91cy1tb3JyaXNvbi1jb3JyZWN0ZWQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Justin Bieber looks like a drug addict, fans said. Then the singer revealed he has Lyme disease. - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9seW1lLWRpc2Vhc2UtanVzdGluLWJpZWJlci_SAVtodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHltZS1kaXNlYXNlLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXIvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Clemson’s Trevor Lawrence addresses the possibility of leaving team after title game - Greenville News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMipgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ncmVlbnZpbGxlb25saW5lLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9zcG9ydHMvY29sbGVnZS9jbGVtc29uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2xlbXNvbi1sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwtdHJldm9yLWxhd3JlbmNlLW5vdC1sZWF2aW5nLWFmdGVyLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC0yMDIwLzQ0MTg3NDUwMDIv0gEvaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuZ3JlZW52aWxsZW9ubGluZS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTg3NDUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.greenvilleonline.com

UK parliament finally rubber stamps Brexit in no-fuss vote - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91ay9icmV4aXQtZGVhbC11ay12b3Rlcy1nYnItaW50bC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91ay9icmV4aXQtZGVhbC11ay12b3Rlcy1nYnItaW50bC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

CES banned sex tech last year. Now it's all the rage - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL3NleC10b3lzLWNlcy0yMDIwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAURodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RlY2gvc2V4LXRveXMtY2VzLTIwMjAvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wuhan pneumonia outbreak of mystery illness in China blamed on new SARS-type virus Chinese and WHO officials say today - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd3VoYW4tcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFrLWNoaW5hLW15c3RlcnktaWxsbmVzcy1ibGFtZWQtbmV3LXNhcnMtdHlwZS12aXJ1cy10b2RheS0yMDE5LTAxLTA5L9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3d1aGFuLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1jaGluYS1teXN0ZXJ5LWlsbG5lc3MtYmxhbWVkLW5ldy1zYXJzLXR5cGUtdmlydXMtdG9kYXktMjAxOS0wMS0wOS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

First flu-related death reported in Lexington - WKYT
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndreXQuY29tL2NvbnRlbnQvbmV3cy9GaXJzdC1mbHUtcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aC1yZXBvcnRlZC1pbi1MZXhpbmd0b24tNTY2ODQwOTcxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wkyt.com

How Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's finances will be impacted by abrupt royal exit - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtZmluYW5jZXMtcm95YWwtZXhpdNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtZmluYW5jZXMtcm95YWwtZXhpdC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Buttigieg doubles and Warren drops in New Hampshire poll - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1jb250ZXN0LXRvLXdpbi1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtcHJpbWFyeS0wOTY2NjLSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWNvbnRlc3QtdG8td2luLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmUtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1wcmltYXJ5LTA5NjY2Mg?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Harvey Weinstein Rape Trial Judge Rejects Efforts To Toss Him Off Case, Jury Selection Continues - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1ZGdlLXJlamVjdGlvbi1qdXJ5LXNlbGVjdGlvbi0xMjAyODI1NTgwL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1ZGdlLXJlamVjdGlvbi1qdXJ5LXNlbGVjdGlvbi0xMjAyODI1NTgwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Clemson’s Trevor Lawrence addresses the possibility of leaving after title game - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3Rvcnkvc3BvcnRzL25jYWFmLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJldm9yLWxhd3JlbmNlLW5vdC1sZWF2aW5nLWNsZW1zb24tYWZ0ZXItY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1wbGF5b2ZmLzI4MzUwODUwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODM1MDg1MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Brad Pitt Credits Bradley Cooper For His Sobriety In Touching Speech - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTEwOTg4Ny9icmFkLXBpdHQtY3JlZGl0cy1icmFkbGV5LWNvb3Blci1mb3ItaGVscGluZy1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyLWluLXRvdWNoaW5nLXNwZWVjaNIBdGh0dHBzOi8vbS5lb25saW5lLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8xMTA5ODg3L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1jcmVkaXRzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWZvci1oZWxwaW5nLWhpbS1nZXQtc29iZXItaW4tdG91Y2hpbmctc3BlZWNo?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

'When I'm ready': Pelosi won't budge on sending impeachment articles to Senate, despite calls from Democrats - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWlucXVpcnkvdG9wLWhvdXNlLWRlbW9jcmF0LXRpbWUtc2VuZC1hcnRpY2xlcy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zZW5hdGUtbjExMTI4MzHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjgzMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Pelosi Expects To Send Impeachment Articles To Senate 'Soon' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4NjI5NDAvcGVsb3NpLXNpZ25hbHMtYW4tZW5kLXRvLWhlci1ob2xkLW9uLWFydGljbGVzLW9mLWltcGVhY2htZW500gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Climate activists to single out Prime Minister Scott Morrison in marches across Australia as bushfires rage - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmUtY2xpbWF0ZS1wcm90ZXN0LWludGwtaG5rLXNjbGkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXVzdHJhbGlhL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1pbnRsLWhuay1zY2xpL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Buck Henry, screenwriter of 'The Graduate' and frequent 'SNL' host, dies at 89 - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9idWNrLWhlbnJ5LXNjcmVlbndyaXRlci1ncmFkdWF0ZS1mcmVxdWVudC1zbmwtaG9zdC1kaWVzLTg5LW4xMTEyODk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4OTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iran attack: Stocks remain steady despite Iran missile attack - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhbi1hdHRhY2stc3RvY2tzLXJlbWFpbi1zdGVhZHktYWZ0ZXItaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFjay_SAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFuLWF0dGFjay1zdG9ja3MtcmVtYWluLXN0ZWFkeS1hZnRlci1pcmFuLW1pc3NpbGUtYXR0YWNrLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Iran news: commander vows "harsher revenge" against U.S., relief in Tehran today after Trump speech - live updates - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMvaXJhbi1jb21tYW5kZXItdm93cy1oYXJzaGVyLXJldmVuZ2UtYWdhaW5zdC11cy1yZWxpZWYtaW4tdGVocmFuLXRvZGF5LWFmdGVyLXRydW1wLXNwZWVjaC0yMDIwLTAxLTA5L9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzL2lyYW4tY29tbWFuZGVyLXZvd3MtaGFyc2hlci1yZXZlbmdlLWFnYWluc3QtdXMtcmVsaWVmLWluLXRlaHJhbi10b2RheS1hZnRlci10cnVtcC1zcGVlY2gtMjAyMC0wMS0wOS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Ricky Gervais Reveals Why He Roasted 'Hollywood Liberals' - The Daily Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5d2lyZS5jb20vbmV3cy9yaWNreS1nZXJ2YWlzLXJldmVhbHMtd2h5LWhlLXJvYXN0ZWQtaG9sbHl3b29kLWxpYmVyYWxz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.dailywire.com

St. Vincent, Foo Fighters, More to Play Prince Tribute Concert After 2020 Grammys - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0LXZpbmNlbnQtZm9vLWZpZ2h0ZXJzLW1vcmUtdG8tcGxheS1wcmluY2UtdHJpYnV0ZS1jb25jZXJ0LWFmdGVyLTIwMjAtZ3JhbW15cy_SAW5odHRwczovL3BpdGNoZm9yay5jb20vbmV3cy9zdC12aW5jZW50LWZvby1maWdodGVycy1tb3JlLXRvLXBsYXktcHJpbmNlLXRyaWJ1dGUtY29uY2VydC1hZnRlci0yMDIwLWdyYW1teXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

No sign yet how U.S. will respond to Iranian attack on American forces - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cUVZOUJXOTM3VWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

49ers Defensive Focus: Stopping Kirk & the Vikings Play Action Game - Niners Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5pbmVyc25hdGlvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc1MjgvNDllcnMtZGVmZW5zaXZlLWZvY3VzLXN0b3BwaW5nLWtpcmstdGhlLXZpa2luZ3MtcGxheS1hY3Rpb24tZ2FtZS1wbGF5b2Zmc9IBhQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uaW5lcnNuYXRpb24uY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzUyOC80OWVycy1kZWZlbnNpdmUtZm9jdXMtc3RvcHBpbmcta2lyay10aGUtdmlraW5ncy1wbGF5LWFjdGlvbi1nYW1lLXBsYXlvZmZz?oc=5
https://www.ninersnation.com

Meghan Markle fans love her 'Game of Thrones' escape from the royals - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1mYW5zLWxvdmUtZXNjYXBlLWZyb20tcm95YWxz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Australia fires: 7 things everyone should know about the bushfire disaster - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS84LzIxMDU1MjI4L2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlcy1tYXAtYW5pbWFscy1rb2FsYXMtd2lsZGxpZmUtc21va2UtZG9uYXRl0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS84LzIxMDU1MjI4L2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlcy1tYXAtYW5pbWFscy1rb2FsYXMtd2lsZGxpZmUtc21va2UtZG9uYXRl?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Netflix and Twitter are on a list of tech stocks that have gotten cheaper in the past year - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV0ZmxpeC1hbmQtdHdpdHRlci1hcmUtb24tYS1saXN0LW9mLXRlY2gtc3RvY2tzLXRoYXQtaGF2ZS1nb3R0ZW4tY2hlYXBlci1pbi10aGUtcGFzdC15ZWFyLTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvREQ4QzExRTItMzJFNy0xMUVBLTg3RDMtMkYwREZENUQzMThC?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

‘Queen sad, Charles furious’: Britain’s media reacts to Megxit - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3F1ZWVuLXNhZC1jaGFybGVzLWZ1cmlvdXMtYnJpdGFpbnMtbWVkaWEtcmVhY3RzLW1lZ3hpdC_SAXZodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9xdWVlbi1zYWQtY2hhcmxlcy1mdXJpb3VzLWJyaXRhaW5zLW1lZGlhLXJlYWN0cy1tZWd4aXQvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Taron Egerton (‘Rocketman’) jumps into the top 5 in our Oscar odds for Best Actor, but who did he bump out? - Gold Derby
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdvbGRkZXJieS5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS8yMDIwL3Rhcm9uLWVnZXJ0b24tcm9ja2V0bWFuLW9zY2Fycy1iZXN0LWFjdG9yLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLW5ld3Mv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29sZGRlcmJ5LmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlLzIwMjAvdGFyb24tZWdlcnRvbi1yb2NrZXRtYW4tb3NjYXJzLWJlc3QtYWN0b3ItcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtbmV3cy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.goldderby.com

What were Iran's goals with the attack on bases in Iraq housing U.S. troops? - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2lyYW4tbmV3cy13aGF0LXdlcmUtaXJhbmlhbi1pbnRlbnRpb25zLXdpdGgtbWlzc2lsZS1zdHJpa2VzLW9uLWlyYXEtYmFzZXMtYW5kLXVzLXRyb29wcy10b2RheS0yMDIwLTAxLTA4L9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFuLW5ld3Mtd2hhdC13ZXJlLWlyYW5pYW4taW50ZW50aW9ucy13aXRoLW1pc3NpbGUtc3RyaWtlcy1vbi1pcmFxLWJhc2VzLWFuZC11cy10cm9vcHMtdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0wOC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Could a war break out between the US and Iran? | Inside Story - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9b1pudWpYTGZMUFnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Jillian Michaels slammed for "trolling" Lizzo as fans accuse her of body-shaming - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvamlsbGlhbi1taWNoYWVscy1zbGFtbWVkLWZvci10cm9sbGluZy1saXp6by1hcy1mYW5zLWFjY3VzZS1oZXItb2YtYm9keS1zaGFtaW5nLXR3aXR0ZXItd2VpZ2h0L9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2ppbGxpYW4tbWljaGFlbHMtc2xhbW1lZC1mb3ItdHJvbGxpbmctbGl6em8tYXMtZmFucy1hY2N1c2UtaGVyLW9mLWJvZHktc2hhbWluZy10d2l0dGVyLXdlaWdodC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Brad Pitt Thanks Bradley Cooper for Helping Him Get Sober - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9icmFkLXBpdHQtdGhhbmtzLWNyZWRpdHMtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItc29iZXIv0gFNaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudG16LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC10aGFua3MtY3JlZGl0cy1icmFkbGV5LWNvb3Blci1zb2Jlci8?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

NFL rumors: Giants’ Joe Judge keeping popular member of Pat Shurmur’s coaching staff - NJ.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5qLmNvbS9naWFudHMvMjAyMC8wMS9uZmwtcnVtb3JzLWdpYW50cy1qb2UtanVkZ2Uta2VlcGluZy1wb3B1bGFyLW1lbWJlci1vZi1wYXQtc2h1cm11cnMtY29hY2hpbmctc3RhZmYuaHRtbNIBhwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uai5jb20vZ2lhbnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvbmZsLXJ1bW9ycy1naWFudHMtam9lLWp1ZGdlLWtlZXBpbmctcG9wdWxhci1tZW1iZXItb2YtcGF0LXNodXJtdXJzLWNvYWNoaW5nLXN0YWZmLmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.nj.com

Ted Cruz: Missiles used to attack US forces in Iraq 'were paid for' by Obama administration - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vbmV3cy9jcnV6LW1pc3NpbGVzLXVzZWQtdG8tYXR0YWNrLXVzLWZvcmNlcy1pbi1pcmFxLXdlcmUtcGFpZC1mb3ItYnktb2JhbWEtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb27SAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Iran attacks U.S. forces as Trump prepares to address crisis - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9X0loaGc3M05SYkHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Possible Spyware On Samsung Phones - Hackaday
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vaGFja2FkYXkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3B5d2FyZS1kaXNjb3ZlcmVkLW9uLWFsbC1zYW1zdW5nLXBob25lcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://hackaday.com

Massive NASA rocket part to help put first woman on the Moon, to be ferried up Mississippi River on barge - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9uYXNhLXJvY2tldC1iYXJnZS1zY24vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvbmFzYS1yb2NrZXQtYmFyZ2Utc2NuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Yes, This Cuttlefish Is Wearing 3-D Glasses - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvc2NpZW5jZS8zZC1nbGFzc2VzLWN1dHRsZWZpc2guaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvc2NpZW5jZS8zZC1nbGFzc2VzLWN1dHRsZWZpc2guYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Pence responds to GOP Sen. Lee's criticism of Iran intel briefing: Soleimani strike prevented 'imminent' at... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcGVuY2UtbWlrZS1sZWUtaXJhbi1pbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UtYnJpZWZpbmctc29sZWltYW5p0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvbWlrZS1wZW5jZS1taWtlLWxlZS1pcmFuLWludGVsbGlnZW5jZS1icmllZmluZy1zb2xlaW1hbmkuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump’s Iran conflict exposed the real difference between Biden and Sanders - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTY2NTUvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1mb3JlaWduLXBvbGljeS1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJz0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTY2NTUvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1mb3JlaWduLXBvbGljeS1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJz?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Facebook says it's 'not deaf' to criticism. But it will still let politicians lie in ads - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2ZhY2Vib29rLWxpZXMtcG9saXRpY2FsLWFkcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2ZhY2Vib29rLWxpZXMtcG9saXRpY2FsLWFkcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

China Turns Its Back On Iran's Crude Oil - OilPrice.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vb2lscHJpY2UuY29tL0VuZXJneS9DcnVkZS1PaWwvQ2hpbmEtVHVybnMtSXRzLUJhY2stT24tSXJhbnMtQ3J1ZGUtT2lsLmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL29pbHByaWNlLmNvbS9FbmVyZ3kvQ3J1ZGUtT2lsL0NoaW5hLVR1cm5zLUl0cy1CYWNrLU9uLUlyYW5zLUNydWRlLU9pbC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://oilprice.com

Target hatches a billion dollar plan to challenge Nike and Under Armour - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy90YXJnZXQtaGF0Y2hlcy1hLWJpbGxpb24tZG9sbGFyLXBsYW4tdG8tY2hhbGxlbmdlLW5pa2UtYW5kLXVuZGVyLWFybW91ci0xMzAwMDM3NTUuaHRtbNIBfWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9uZXdzL3RhcmdldC1oYXRjaGVzLWEtYmlsbGlvbi1kb2xsYXItcGxhbi10by1jaGFsbGVuZ2UtbmlrZS1hbmQtdW5kZXItYXJtb3VyLTEzMDAwMzc1NS5odG1s?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

Facebook says it will let users see fewer political ads — but still refuses to fact-check them - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZmFjZWJvb2std2lsbC1sZXQtcGVvcGxlLXNlZS1mZXdlci1wb2xpdGljYWwtYWRzLWFoZWFkLW9mLXVzLWVsZWN0aW9uLmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9mYWNlYm9vay13aWxsLWxldC1wZW9wbGUtc2VlLWZld2VyLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1hZHMtYWhlYWQtb2YtdXMtZWxlY3Rpb24uaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Just a Fainting Spell? Or Is Betelgeuse About to Blow? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9hc3Ryb25vbXktc3VwZXJub3ZhLWJldGVsZ2V1c2UuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9hc3Ryb25vbXktc3VwZXJub3ZhLWJldGVsZ2V1c2UuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Biggest 'black swan' event for oil markets is disruption in the Strait of Hormuz, expert says - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZGlzcnVwdGlvbi1pbi10aGUtc3RyYWl0LW9mLWhvcm11ei1pcy1hLWJsYWNrLXN3YW4tZXZlbnQtc3AtZ2xvYmFsLmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kaXNydXB0aW9uLWluLXRoZS1zdHJhaXQtb2YtaG9ybXV6LWlzLWEtYmxhY2stc3dhbi1ldmVudC1zcC1nbG9iYWwuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Here's the real reason the Note 10 Lite matters. And it isn't the headphone jack - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvaGVyZXMtdGhlLXJlYWwtcmVhc29uLXRoZS1ub3RlLTEwLWxpdGUtbWF0dGVycy1hbmQtaXQtaXNudC10aGUtaGVhZHBob25lLWphY2sv0gFzaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2hlcmVzLXRoZS1yZWFsLXJlYXNvbi10aGUtbm90ZS0xMC1saXRlLW1hdHRlcnMtYW5kLWl0LWlzbnQtdGhlLWhlYWRwaG9uZS1qYWNrLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Mysterious viral pneumonia outbreak in China likely caused by new virus, scientists say - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9teXN0ZXJpb3VzLXZpcmFsLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1jaGluYS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1c9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9teXN0ZXJpb3VzLXZpcmFsLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1jaGluYS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Scientists put 3D glasses on cuttlefish - Boing Boing
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vYm9pbmdib2luZy5uZXQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9zY2llbnRpc3RzLXB1dC0zZC1nbGFzc2VzLW9uLWMuaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vYm9pbmdib2luZy5uZXQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9zY2llbnRpc3RzLXB1dC0zZC1nbGFzc2VzLW9uLWMuaHRtbC9hbXA?oc=5
https://boingboing.net

Prince Harry and Meghan: Where do they get their money? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9leHBsYWluZXJzLTUxMDQ3MTg20gEwaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9leHBsYWluZXJzLTUxMDQ3MTg2?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Harvey Weinstein Brought Her Book to His Rape Trial, Leaving Author Stunned - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9iaXovbmV3cy93ZWluc3RlaW4tcmFwZS10cmlhbC1ib29rLWJyb3RoZXJzLW1hbmtpZXdpY3otMTIwMzQ2MDk4MC_SAV9odHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvYml6L25ld3Mvd2VpbnN0ZWluLXJhcGUtdHJpYWwtYm9vay1icm90aGVycy1tYW5raWV3aWN6LTEyMDM0NjA5ODAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

Dean Pees admits he’s “keyed up” to go against Ravens - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kZWFuLXBlZXMtYWRtaXRzLWhlcy1rZXllZC11cC10by1nby1hZ2FpbnN0LXJhdmVucy_SAWhodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZGVhbi1wZWVzLWFkbWl0cy1oZXMta2V5ZWQtdXAtdG8tZ28tYWdhaW5zdC1yYXZlbnMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

FEC Commissioner Rips Facebook Over Political Ad Policy: 'This Will Not Do' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ5MTEyNDYvZmVjLWNvbW1pc3Npb25lci1yaXBzLWZhY2Vib29rLW92ZXItcG9saXRpY2FsLWFkLXBvbGljeS10aGlzLXdpbGwtbm90LWRv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Tesla stock’s ‘meteoric’ rally comes to a halt - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS90ZXNsYS1zdG9ja3MtbWV0ZW9yaWMtcmFsbHktY29tZXMtdG8tYS1oYWx0LTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvRUY1MjFDQjgtMzJGQy0xMUVBLTg3RDMtMkYwREZENUQzMThC?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Iran plane crash: Ukraine considers missile theory in crash near Tehran - The - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiyAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL3VrcmFpbmUtZmxpZ2h0LXdhcy1vbi1maXJlLWluLWFpci1hbmQtcmV0dXJuaW5nLXRvLXRlaHJhbi1hdC10aW1lLW9mLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4taW52ZXN0aWdhdG9ycy1zYXkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS85YjI3NDM0Yy0zMjQ0LTExZWEtOTcxYi00M2JlYzNmZjk4NjBfc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Oil plummets to its lows of the day after President Trump says Iran 'appears to be standing down' in the .. - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vbWFya2V0cy5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2NvbW1vZGl0aWVzL25ld3Mvb2lsLXByaWNlLWZhbGxzLWRhaWx5LWxvdy10cnVtcC1pcmFuLXN0YW5kaW5nLWRvd24tY3J1ZGUtMjAyMC0xLTEwMjg4MDQ0OTDSAXdodHRwczovL21hcmtldHMuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9vaWwtcHJpY2UtZmFsbHMtZGFpbHktbG93LXRydW1wLWlyYW4tc3RhbmRpbmctZG93bi1jcnVkZS0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwNDQ5MA?oc=5
https://markets.businessinsider.com

Prince Harry defied the Queen by announcing he and Meghan would step back from royal duties - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91ay9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktcXVlZW4tYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LWdici1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VrL3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1xdWVlbi1hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQtZ2JyLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Edwards 'ready' to carry load if Ingram sits - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU0NjUvYXJ0aWNsZS9ndXMtZWR3YXJkcy1yZWFkeS10by1jYXJyeS1sb2FkLWlmLW1hcmstaW5ncmFtLXNpdHPSAbQDaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU0NjUvYXJ0aWNsZS9ndXMtZWR3YXJkcy1yZWFkeS10by1jYXJyeS1sb2FkLWlmLW1hcmstaW5ncmFtLXNpdHM_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRGFyb3VuZC10aGUtbGVhZ3VlO3RlYW0lM0RiYWw7dGVhbSUzRHRlbjtjb25mJTNEYWZjO2R2c24lM0RhY247ZHZzbiUzRGFjcztwbHlyJTNEanVzdGljZV9oaWxsO3BseXIlM0RsYW1hcl9qYWNrc29uO3BseXIlM0RhdWd1c3R1c19lZHdhcmRzJnAuY3Q9QXJvdW5kK3RoZStORkwmcC5hZHNtPXRydWUmcC50Y209JTIzZmZmJnAuYmdjMW09JTIzMDk2NGJmJnAuYmdjMm09JTIzMDUzYTc0JnNyPWFtcA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

PFT’s divisional round picks - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wZnRzLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGlja3MtOC_SAVNodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcGZ0cy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLXBpY2tzLTgvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Full Pompeo: 'We're Prepared For Everything' As Iran Promises Retaliation For Attack On Soleimani - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SE5McVowQkN5T0XSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

First child flu death of 2019-2020 season, eight others die from flu during New Year's week - WXII12 Winston-Salem
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnd4aWkxMi5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uaW5lLWZsdWUtZGVhdGhzLW5ldy15ZWFycy13ZWVrLzMwNDU3NzI40gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud3hpaTEyLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9uaW5lLWZsdWUtZGVhdGhzLW5ldy15ZWFycy13ZWVrLzMwNDU3NzI4?oc=5
https://www.wxii12.com

Trump announces overhaul of landmark environmental and climate rules - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1wcm9wb3NhbC1uYXRpb25hbC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXBvbGljeS1hY3QvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtcHJvcG9zYWwtbmF0aW9uYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktYWN0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Facebook Says It Won’t Back Down From Allowing Lies in Political Ads - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9mYWNlYm9vay1wb2xpdGljYWwtYWRzLWxpZXMuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9mYWNlYm9vay1wb2xpdGljYWwtYWRzLWxpZXMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

California could launch its own generic prescription drug label - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLWNvdWxkLWxhdW5jaC1pdHMtb3duLWdlbmVyaWMtcHJlc2NyaXB0aW9uLWRydWctbGFiZWwtbjExMTI5MjbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjkyNg?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Warren, Sanders join conference call with lobby group linked to Tehran -- sparking backlash - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3dhcnJlbi1iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1pcmFuLWxvYmJ5LWNvbmZlcmVuY2UtY2FsbC1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFjay1zb2xlaW1hbmnSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy93YXJyZW4tYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtaXJhbi1sb2JieS1jb25mZXJlbmNlLWNhbGwtbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2stc29sZWltYW5pLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Verizon offers mix and match pricing for Fios TV - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdmVyaXpvbi1vZmZlcnMtbWl4LWFuZC1tYXRjaC1wcmljaW5nLWZvci1maW9zLXR2L9IBVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy92ZXJpem9uLW9mZmVycy1taXgtYW5kLW1hdGNoLXByaWNpbmctZm9yLWZpb3MtdHYv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Jillian Michaels slammed for comments about Lizzo's weight - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2ppbGxpYW4tbWljaGFlbHMtbGl6em8td2VpZ2h0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWxpenpvLXdlaWdodC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Tom Brady could shock us and with his free agency decision - Adam Schefter | Get Up - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U2xYRHZCV1Z3eHPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Samsung devices come with a feature sourced from shady Chinese company - Neowin
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5lb3dpbi5uZXQvbmV3cy9zYW1zdW5nLWRldmljZXMtY29tZS13aXRoLWEtZmVhdHVyZS1zb3VyY2VkLWZyb20tc2hhZHktY2hpbmVzZS1jb21wYW55L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.neowin.net

Target set to launch 'All in Motion' this month, an activewear brand 'created for everyone' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RhcmdldC1hY3RpdmV3ZWFyLXNwb3J0aW5nLWdvb2RzLWJyYW5kLWxhdW5jaGluZy1qYW51YXJ5LzI4MzM4NzYwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODMzODc2MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Severe thunderstorm outbreak, possible tornadoes target South on Friday and Saturday - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2V2ZXJlLXRodW5kZXJzdG9ybS1vdXRicmVhay1wb3NzaWJsZS10b3JuYWRvZXMtdGFyZ2V0LXNvdXRoLWZyaWRheS1zYXR1cmRheS_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3dlYXRoZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9zZXZlcmUtdGh1bmRlcnN0b3JtLW91dGJyZWFrLXBvc3NpYmxlLXRvcm5hZG9lcy10YXJnZXQtc291dGgtZnJpZGF5LXNhdHVyZGF5Lz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Colin Cowherd Speculates On Odds Of Tom Brady Returning To Patriots - NESN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9jb2xpbi1jb3doZXJkLXNwZWN1bGF0ZXMtcGVyY2VudGFnZS1jaGFuZ2Utb2YtdG9tLWJyYWR5LXJldHVybmluZy10by1wYXRyaW90cy_SAWtodHRwczovL25lc24uY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvY29saW4tY293aGVyZC1zcGVjdWxhdGVzLXBlcmNlbnRhZ2UtY2hhbmdlLW9mLXRvbS1icmFkeS1yZXR1cm5pbmctdG8tcGF0cmlvdHMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nesn.com

6 bold predictions for Ravens vs. Titans divisional playoff game - Ravens Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vcmF2ZW5zd2lyZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXZzLXRlbm5lc3NlZS10aXRhbnMtYm9sZC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMv0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly9yYXZlbnN3aXJlLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JhbHRpbW9yZS1yYXZlbnMtdnMtdGVubmVzc2VlLXRpdGFucy1ib2xkLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLW5mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://ravenswire.usatoday.com

Thousands flee beach towns after prime minister proclaims Australia 'wonderful place to come' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLXRob3VzYW5kcy1ldmFjdWF0ZS1ibGF6ZXMtcmFjZS10b3dhcmQtY29hc3QvNDQxODIwNTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTgyMDUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

American firefighters arrive in Australia and get cheered at the airport - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC91cy1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtY2hlZXJlZC1haXJwb3J0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvdXMtZmlyZWZpZ2h0ZXJzLWNoZWVyZWQtYWlycG9ydC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Apple hits all-time high after announcing record holiday App Store sales - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYXBwbGUtc3RvY2stcHJpY2UtYWxsLXRpbWUtaGlnaC1hcHAtc3RvcmUtc2FsZXMtcmVjb3JkLTIwMjAtMdIBdWh0dHBzOi8vbWFya2V0cy5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2FwcGxlLXN0b2NrLXByaWNlLWFsbC10aW1lLWhpZ2gtYXBwLXN0b3JlLXNhbGVzLXJlY29yZC0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwNDUwMw?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Mike Leach has interviewed for Mississippi State job - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vY29sbGVnZWZvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vY29sbGVnZWZvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://collegefootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Kohl's tie-up with Amazon was seen as a game changer. But sluggish holiday sales suggest it isn't - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkva29obHMtYW1hem9uLXRpZS11cC13YXMtc2Vlbi1hcy1hLWdhbWUtY2hhbmdlci1zbHVnZ2lzaC1ob2xpZGF5LXNhbGVzLXN1Z2dlc3Qtbm90Lmh0bWzSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9rb2hscy1hbWF6b24tdGllLXVwLXdhcy1zZWVuLWFzLWEtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2VyLXNsdWdnaXNoLWhvbGlkYXktc2FsZXMtc3VnZ2VzdC1ub3QuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

The Milky Way Is Gaining New Stars From A Collision That Hasn't Even Occurred Yet - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL3N0YXJ0c3dpdGhhYmFuZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1taWxreS13YXktaXMtZ2FpbmluZy1uZXctc3RhcnMtZnJvbS1hLWNvbGxpc2lvbi10aGF0LWhhc250LWV2ZW4tb2NjdXJyZWQteWV0L9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL3N0YXJ0c3dpdGhhYmFuZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1taWxreS13YXktaXMtZ2FpbmluZy1uZXctc3RhcnMtZnJvbS1hLWNvbGxpc2lvbi10aGF0LWhhc250LWV2ZW4tb2NjdXJyZWQteWV0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Top House Judiciary Republican makes unfounded claim that Democrats are 'in love with terrorists' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy10ZXJyb3Jpc3RzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

1917 review: turning a nightmare war into a theme park showcase - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODQ3Ni8xOTE3LW1vdmllLXJldmlldy1zYW0tbWVuZGVzLXd3adIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg0NzYvMTkxNy1tb3ZpZS1yZXZpZXctc2FtLW1lbmRlcy13d2k?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

'Stop this nonsense': GOP Rep. Doug Collins slammed for claim that Democrats are 'in love with terrorists' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWF0dGFja3MtZGVtb2NyYXRzLW92ZXItaXJhbi80NDE3OTg0MDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQxNzk4NDAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

‘They are in love with terrorists’: GOP lawmaker says Democrats ‘mourn Soleimani’ more than they grieve for Gold Star families - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9uYXRpb24vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWxvdmUtd2l0aC10ZXJyb3Jpc3RzLW1vdXJuLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1pcmFuL9IBgQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1sb3ZlLXdpdGgtdGVycm9yaXN0cy1tb3Vybi1zb2xlaW1hbmktaXJhbi8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Apple’s stock has now doubled in a year amid ‘impressive’ App Store sales data - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9hcHBsZXMtc3RvY2staGFzLW5vdy1kb3VibGVkLWluLWEteWVhci1hbWlkLWltcHJlc3NpdmUtYXBwLXN0b3JlLXNhbGVzLWRhdGEtMjAyMC0wMS0wONIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC83MUE4RTg1OC0zMjRGLTExRUEtODE3RC00RjEzNzVDOEEwREE?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

America has turned its back on big department stores - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9qY3Blbm5leS1tYWN5cy1rb2hscy1kZXBhcnRtZW50LXN0b3Jlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9qY3Blbm5leS1tYWN5cy1rb2hscy1kZXBhcnRtZW50LXN0b3Jlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Sources -- Mike Leach leaves Washington State for Mississippi State - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1MzEyMi9zb3VyY2VzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGUtbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktc3RhdGXSAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUzMTIyL3NvdXJjZXMtbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1sZWF2ZXMtd2FzaGluZ3Rvbi1zdGF0ZS1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Megyn Kelly Responds To 'Bombshell,' Reveals Roger Ailes Asked Her To 'Twirl' - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS9lbnRyeS9tZWd5bi1rZWxseS1yb2dlci1haWxlcy1ib21ic2hlbGxfbl81ZTE3NGI2YmM1YjYwMDk2MGM2MWI1Y2bSAQA?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Hailey Baldwin Fires Back at Those Trolling Justin Bieber on Twitter - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvaGFpbGV5LWJhbGR3aW4tZGVmZW5kcy1qdXN0aW4tYmllYmVyLXR3aXR0ZXIuaHRtbC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Lebanon slaps travel ban on Carlos Ghosn - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tbGViYW5vbi10cmF2ZWwtYmFuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2J1c2luZXNzL2Nhcmxvcy1naG9zbi1sZWJhbm9uLXRyYXZlbC1iYW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Source: Mike Leach leaving Washington State for Mississippi State - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9zb3VyY2VzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmluZy13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlLWZvci1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS0xODM4MTc3NzcuaHRtbNIBcWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL3NvdXJjZXMtbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1sZWF2aW5nLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGUtZm9yLW1pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLTE4MzgxNzc3Ny5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Border apprehensions down in December, marking seven months of decline - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2JvcmRlci1hcHByZWhlbnNpb25zLWRvd24taW4tZGVjZW1iZXItN3RoLW1vbnRoLW9mLWRlY2xpbmXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Apple stock hits record after Chinese government data shows iPhone unit sales spike - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXBwbGUtc3RvY2staGl0cy1uZXctYWxsLXRpbWUtaGlnaC1vbi1jaGluYS1pcGhvbmUtc2FsZXMtZGF0YS5odG1s0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXBwbGUtc3RvY2staGl0cy1uZXctYWxsLXRpbWUtaGlnaC1vbi1jaGluYS1pcGhvbmUtc2FsZXMtZGF0YS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Tokyo Olympic village beds made of cardboard stronger than wood and recyclable - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdG9reW8tb2x5bXBpYy12aWxsYWdlLWJlZHMtbWFkZS1jYXJkYm9hcmQtcmVjeWNsYWJsZS0yMDIwLTHSAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3Rva3lvLW9seW1waWMtdmlsbGFnZS1iZWRzLW1hZGUtY2FyZGJvYXJkLXJlY3ljbGFibGUtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

‘Like a Boss’: Whoever Made This Inane Comedy Should Be Fired - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbW92aWVzL21vdmllLXJldmlld3MvbGlrZS1hLWJvc3MtbW92aWUtcmV2aWV3LXRpZmZhbnktaGFkZGlzaC05MzMwMjAv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucm9sbGluZ3N0b25lLmNvbS9tb3ZpZXMvbW92aWUtcmV2aWV3cy9saWtlLWEtYm9zcy1tb3ZpZS1yZXZpZXctdGlmZmFueS1oYWRkaXNoLTkzMzAyMC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

GOP Senator Calls White House 'Cavalier' About The Constitution, Backs Curbs on Trump - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4ODkyNjQvZ29wLXNlbmF0b3ItY2FsbHMtd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtY2F2YWxpZXItYWJvdXQtdGhlLWNvbnN0aXR1dGlvbi1iYWNrcy1jdXJicy1vbi10cnXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

You Can Now Make $100,000 Working at Taco Bell - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTA5L3RhY28tYmVsbC1vZmZlcmluZy0xMDAtMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1hbWlkLW1vdW50aW5nLXdvcmtlci1zaG9ydGFnZdIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS90YWNvLWJlbGwtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwLTAwMC1zYWxhcnktYW1pZC1tb3VudGluZy13b3JrZXItc2hvcnRhZ2U?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Coyote attacks are extremely rare. But in Chicago, a man and child were bitten in one day - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NveW90ZXMtY2hpY2Fnby0yLXBlb3BsZS1iaXR0ZW4tbm9ydGgtc2lkZS1pbmNsdWRpbmctY2hpbGQvNDQxODkwMDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTg5MDAwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Severe weather in Alabama: When will storms arrive where I live? - AL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItaW4tYWxhYmFtYS13aGVuLXdpbGwtc3Rvcm1zLWFycml2ZS13aGVyZS1pLWxpdmUuaHRtbNIBcmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItaW4tYWxhYmFtYS13aGVuLXdpbGwtc3Rvcm1zLWFycml2ZS13aGVyZS1pLWxpdmUuaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.al.com

Trump is taking credit for the decades-old decline in cancer deaths - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4NDkxL3RydW1wLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aC1yYXRl0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4NDkxL3RydW1wLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aC1yYXRl?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

6-foot grave found before Connecticut mom Jennifer Dulos' disappearance - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFvbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2hhbGxvdy1ncmF2ZS1mb3VuZC1iZWZvcmUtY29ubmVjdGljdXQtbW9tLWplbm5pZmVyLWR1bG9zLWRpc2FwcGVhcmFuY2UvMjM4OTc3ODYv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

California should have its own generic prescription drug label, governor says - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXByZXNjcmlwdGlvbi1kcnVnLWxhYmVsLWdvdmVybm9yLXNheXPSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbC1nb3Zlcm5vci1zYXlzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Shallow 'human grave' found before Connecticut mom Jennifer Dulos' disappearance - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9zaGFsbG93LWdyYXZlLWZvdW5kLWNvbm5lY3RpY3V0LW1vbS1qZW5uaWZlci1kdWxvcy1kaXNhcHBlYXJhbmNlLW4xMTEyODU20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4NTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Missile strike on U.S. targets ‘did not intend to kill,’ says Iranian commander - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Taco Bell is now offering some managers six-figure salaries and offering paid sick days for first time - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NvbWUtdGFjby1iZWxsLW1hbmFnZXJzLXN0YXJ0LWVhcm5pbmctMTAwLTAwMC15ZWFyLzQ0MTg3NzEwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDE4NzcxMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Arcadeo hands-on at CES 2020 - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9QTlXMHVCM1pJeVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Olympic athletes will be sleeping on cardboard beds at the Tokyo 2020 Games - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9reW8tMjAyMC1vbHltcGljLWF0aGxldGVzLXdpbGwtYmUtc2xlZXBpbmctb24tY2FyZGJvYXJkLWJlZHMuaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3Rva3lvLTIwMjAtb2x5bXBpYy1hdGhsZXRlcy13aWxsLWJlLXNsZWVwaW5nLW9uLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Saudi Arabia, Gulf Allies Fear Regional Fallout From US-Iran Fighting - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ1MTk4MTAvc2F1ZGktYXJhYmlhLXNvdWdodC1kaWFsb2d1ZS13aXRoLWlyYW4tdGhlbi10aGUtdS1zLWlyYW5pYW4tY29uZmxpY3QtZXNjYWxhdGVk0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Australia fires: NASA images show wildfires have destroyed nearly one third of Australia's Kangaroo Island - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLW5hc2Etc2F0ZWxsaXRlLWltYWdlcy1zaG93LXdpbGRmaXJlcy1kZXN0cm95LWthbmdhcm9vLWlzbGFuZC_SAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZXMtbmFzYS1zYXRlbGxpdGUtaW1hZ2VzLXNob3ctd2lsZGZpcmVzLWRlc3Ryb3kta2FuZ2Fyb28taXNsYW5kLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Prince Harry and Meghan to step back as senior royals - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiJGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay01MTA0MDc1MdIBKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvdWstNTEwNDA3NTE?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

17 products at CES that caught our attention - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGljYWdvdHJpYnVuZS5jb20vY29uc3VtZXItcmV2aWV3cy9zbnMtYmVzdHJldmlld3MtZWxlY3Ryb25pY3MtMTctcHJvZHVjdHMtd2UtbG92ZS1hdC1jZXMtMjAyMDAxMDktcDZ5MndpdjVkcmc1NW9jamZ5NjZnNHozbWEtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

New Hampshire Poll: Four-way race among Buttigeig, Biden, Sanders and Warren - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLXBvbGwtdGlnaHQtcmFjZS1iZXR3ZWVuLXBldGUtYnV0dGlnaWVnLWpvZS1iaWRlbi1iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1lbGl6YWJldGgtd2FycmVuLzQ0MTg4ODIwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDE4ODgyMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Sources -- John Beilein meets with Cavaliers players, gives emotional apology - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUzMDg3L3NvdXJjZXMtam9obi1iZWlsZWluLW1lZXRzLWNhdmFsaWVycy1wbGF5ZXJzLWdpdmVzLWVtb3Rpb25hbC1hcG9sb2d50gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmJhL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTMwODcvc291cmNlcy1qb2huLWJlaWxlaW4tbWVldHMtY2F2YWxpZXJzLXBsYXllcnMtZ2l2ZXMtZW1vdGlvbmFsLWFwb2xvZ3k_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Cavaliers coach John Beilein apologizes to players after calling them 'thugs' by mistake; job safe, per report - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25iYS9uZXdzL2NhdmFsaWVycy1jb2FjaC1qb2huLWJlaWxlaW4tYXBvbG9naXplcy10by1wbGF5ZXJzLWFmdGVyLWNhbGxpbmctdGhlbS10aHVncy1ieS1taXN0YWtlLWpvYi1zYWZlLXBlci1yZXBvcnQv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmJhL25ld3MvY2F2YWxpZXJzLWNvYWNoLWpvaG4tYmVpbGVpbi1hcG9sb2dpemVzLXRvLXBsYXllcnMtYWZ0ZXItY2FsbGluZy10aGVtLXRodWdzLWJ5LW1pc3Rha2Utam9iLXNhZmUtcGVyLXJlcG9ydC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Scientists Describe Trove of New Bird Species on Indonesian Islands - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vZ2l6bW9kby5jb20vc2NpZW50aXN0cy1kZXNjcmliZS10cm92ZS1vZi1uZXctYmlyZC1zcGVjaWVzLW9uLWluZG9uZS0xODQwOTAyOTky0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9naXptb2RvLmNvbS9zY2llbnRpc3RzLWRlc2NyaWJlLXRyb3ZlLW9mLW5ldy1iaXJkLXNwZWNpZXMtb24taW5kb25lLTE4NDA5MDI5OTIvYW1w?oc=5
https://gizmodo.com

Weber SmokeFire and Connect first look at CES 2020 - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MXhfSzliOG40VXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Mortgage rates drop amid simmering tensions with Iran - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb3J0Z2FnZS1yYXRlcy1kcm9wLWFtaWQtc2ltbWVyaW5nLXRlbnNpb25zLXdpdGgtaXJhbi0yMDIwLTAxLTA50gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzRDNEQxRkU4LTMyRjQtMTFFQS04MTdELTRGMTM3NUM4QTBEQQ?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Behold: This could be our first good look at Apple’s massive iPhone 12 redesign - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lwaG9uZS0xMi1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtbGVha2VkLWRlc2lnbi1pcGhvbmUtMTItcHJvL9IBUmh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lwaG9uZS0xMi1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtbGVha2VkLWRlc2lnbi1pcGhvbmUtMTItcHJvL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://bgr.com

BIRDS OF PREY – Official Trailer 2 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eDNIYmJ6SEs1TWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Predicting roster turnover for all 12 NFL playoff teams - Which players could move - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDQ3OTg1L3ByZWRpY3Rpbmctcm9zdGVyLXR1cm5vdmVyLWFsbC0xMi1uZmwtcGxheW9mZi10ZWFtcy13aGljaC1wbGF5ZXJzLW1vdmXSAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NDc5ODUvcHJlZGljdGluZy1yb3N0ZXItdHVybm92ZXItYWxsLTEyLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXRlYW1zLXdoaWNoLXBsYXllcnMtbW92ZT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Trump proposes massive environmental rollback to speed approval process - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC93aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS11bnZlaWxzLXBsYW4tc3BlZWQtYmlnLXByb2plY3RzLXBlcm1pdHMtc2lkZXN0ZXBwaW5nLWNsaW1hdGUtbjExMTI4MjHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjgyMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Fed Adds $83.1 Billion in Short-term Money to Markets - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZmVkLWFkZHMtODMtMS1iaWxsaW9uLWluLXNob3J0LXRlcm0tbW9uZXktdG8tbWFya2V0cy0xMTU3ODU4MjE5N9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Verizon’s great FiOS offer to me: Pay $50 extra for slower Internet - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2luZm9ybWF0aW9uLXRlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS92ZXJpem9ucy1ncmVhdC1maW9zLW9mZmVyLXRvLW1lLXBheS01MC1leHRyYS1mb3Itc2xvd2VyLWludGVybmV0L9IBfmh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2luZm9ybWF0aW9uLXRlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS92ZXJpem9ucy1ncmVhdC1maW9zLW9mZmVyLXRvLW1lLXBheS01MC1leHRyYS1mb3Itc2xvd2VyLWludGVybmV0Lz9hbXA9MQ?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

Mississippi State hires Washington State's Mike Leach to be next head coach - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL21pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLWhpcmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGVzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtdG8tYmUtbmV4dC1oZWFkLWNvYWNoL9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL21pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLWhpcmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGVzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtdG8tYmUtbmV4dC1oZWFkLWNvYWNoL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Newsom wants California to be first state to sell its own prescription drugs - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL25ld3NvbS13YW50cy1jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXRvLWJlLWZpcnN0LXN0YXRlLXRvLXNlbGwtaXRzLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Z3PSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9uZXdzb20td2FudHMtY2FsaWZvcm5pYS10by1iZS1maXJzdC1zdGF0ZS10by1zZWxsLWl0cy1vd24tcHJlc2NyaXB0aW9uLWRydWdzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Poll: Buttigieg, Sanders surge sets up 4-way tie in New Hampshire | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NTA4LXBvbGwtYnV0dGlnaWVnLXNhbmRlcnMtc3VyZ2UtdG8tc2V0LXVwLTQtd2F5LXRpZS1pbi1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJl0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9jYW1wYWlnbi80Nzc1MDgtcG9sbC1idXR0aWdpZWctc2FuZGVycy1zdXJnZS10by1zZXQtdXAtNC13YXktdGllLWluLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmU_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Why I Am Completely Convinced LSU Will Beat Clemson - And The Valley Shook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc5NTcvMjAxOS1sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWNvbXBsZXRlbHktY29udmluY2VkLWxzdS13aWxsLWJlYXQtY2xlbXNvbtIBlgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU3OTU3LzIwMTktbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwtcGxheW9mZi1jb21wbGV0ZWx5LWNvbnZpbmNlZC1sc3Utd2lsbC1iZWF0LWNsZW1zb24?oc=5
https://www.andthevalleyshook.com

Deals: Accessorize Your New iPhone 11 With Sales on Apple's Official Cases (Starting at $23.99) - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kZWFscy1hY2Nlc3Nvcml6ZS1pcGhvbmUtY2FzZXMv0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFjcnVtb3JzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2RlYWxzLWFjY2Vzc29yaXplLWlwaG9uZS1jYXNlcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

Harvey Weinstein Says His Judge Is Biased. His Judge Disagrees. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbnlyZWdpb24vaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi10cmlhbC5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9ueXJlZ2lvbi9oYXJ2ZXktd2VpbnN0ZWluLXRyaWFsLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Iranian Missile System Shot Down Ukraine Flight, Probably by Mistake, Sources Say - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9pcmFuaWFucy1zaG90LWRvd24tdWtyYWluZS1mbGlnaHQtbWlzdGFrZS1zb3VyY2VzLTE0ODEzMTPSAVhodHRwczovL3d3dy5uZXdzd2Vlay5jb20vaXJhbmlhbnMtc2hvdC1kb3duLXVrcmFpbmUtZmxpZ2h0LW1pc3Rha2Utc291cmNlcy0xNDgxMzEzP2FtcD0x?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Philadelphia man robs pharmacy because of 'sick child,' hands cashier note: 'You have 15 seconds' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3BoaWxhZGVscGhpYS1tYW4tcm9icy1waGFybWFjeS1iZWNhdXNlLW9mLXNpY2stY2hpbGQtaGFuZHMtY2FzaGllci1ub3RlLXlvdS1oYXZlLTE1LXNlY29uZHPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS91cy9waGlsYWRlbHBoaWEtbWFuLXJvYnMtcGhhcm1hY3ktYmVjYXVzZS1vZi1zaWNrLWNoaWxkLWhhbmRzLWNhc2hpZXItbm90ZS15b3UtaGF2ZS0xNS1zZWNvbmRzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Mike Leach leaves Washington State for Mississippi State - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1MzEyMi9taWtlLWxlYWNoLWxlYXZlcy13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlLW1pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRl0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUzMTIyL21pa2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGUtbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktc3RhdGU_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

How Chris Paul Made OKC Thunder a Playoff Contender After Westbrook, PG13 Trades - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzAyMjktaG93LWNocmlzLXBhdWwtbWFkZS1va2MtdGh1bmRlci1hLXBsYXlvZmYtY29udGVuZGVyLWFmdGVyLXdlc3Ricm9vay1wZzEzLXRyYWRlc9IBiwFodHRwczovL3N5bmRpY2F0aW9uLmJsZWFjaGVycmVwb3J0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg3MDIyOS1ob3ctY2hyaXMtcGF1bC1tYWRlLW9rYy10aHVuZGVyLWEtcGxheW9mZi1jb250ZW5kZXItYWZ0ZXItd2VzdGJyb29rLXBnMTMtdHJhZGVzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

Explainer: Could Iran close the Strait of Hormuz? - NavyTimes.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5hdnl0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy95b3VyLW5hdnkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9leHBsYWluZXItY291bGQtaXJhbi1jbG9zZS10aGUtc3RyYWl0LW9mLWhvcm11ei_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.navytimes.com

Meghan and Prince Harry Wax Figures Removed from Royal Family Display - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS13YXgtZmlndXJlcy1yZW1vdmVkLW1hZGFtZS10dXNzYXVkcy1sb25kb24tcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LWRpc3BsYXkv0gF6aHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudG16LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LXdheC1maWd1cmVzLXJlbW92ZWQtbWFkYW1lLXR1c3NhdWRzLWxvbmRvbi1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHktZGlzcGxheS8?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

'We Will Surely Find Out The Truth': Questions Linger About Jet Crash In Iran - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4NjM2Nzgvd2Utd2lsbC1zdXJlbHktZmluZC1vdXQtdGhlLXRydXRoLXF1ZXN0aW9ucy1saW5nZXItYWJvdXQtamV0LWNyYXNoLWluLWlyYW7SAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

IOC makes it clear: Kneeling, raised fists, other protests not allowed at 2020 Olympics - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9vbHltcGljcy0yMDIwLXByb3Rlc3RzLWlvYy1ydWxlcy1rbmVlbGluZy0xNjU3MjgwOTcuaHRtbNIBWWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL29seW1waWNzLTIwMjAtcHJvdGVzdHMtaW9jLXJ1bGVzLWtuZWVsaW5nLTE2NTcyODA5Ny5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

House to vote on war powers resolution limiting Trump's ability to act against Iran — watch live stream today, updates on Iran news - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhbi1uZXdzLWhvdXNlLXRvLXZvdGUtb24td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1yZXNvbHV0aW9uLXRvLXJlaW4taW4tdHJ1bXBzLWF1dGhvcml0eS10by1zdHJpa2UtaXJhbi_SAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFuLW5ld3MtaG91c2UtdG8tdm90ZS1vbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tdG8tcmVpbi1pbi10cnVtcHMtYXV0aG9yaXR5LXRvLXN0cmlrZS1pcmFuLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Second baby in the US born from transplanted uterus of deceased donor - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvdXRlcnVzLXRyYW5zcGxhbnQtc2Vjb25kLWJpcnRoLXVzLWJuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hlYWx0aC91dGVydXMtdHJhbnNwbGFudC1zZWNvbmQtYmlydGgtdXMtYm4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Celebrities, activists using Australia bushfire crisis to push dangerous climate change myth: Devine - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy1hY3RpdmlzdHMtdXNpbmctYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2hmaXJlLWNyaXNpcy10by1wdXNoLWRhbmdlcm91cy1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1teXRoLWRldmluZS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvY2VsZWJyaXRpZXMtYWN0aXZpc3RzLXVzaW5nLWF1c3RyYWxpYS1idXNoZmlyZS1jcmlzaXMtdG8tcHVzaC1kYW5nZXJvdXMtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2UtbXl0aC1kZXZpbmUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Black execs sue McDonald's, claim systematic racial discrimination against workers, customers - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9ibGFjay1leGVjcy1zdWUtbWNkb25hbGQtcy1jbGFpbS1zeXN0ZW1hdGljLXJhY2lhbC1kaXNjcmltaW5hdGlvbi1hZ2FpbnN0LW4xMTEyOTMx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI5MzE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Drugstore robber in Philly says, 'I'm sorry, I have a sick child,' as he demands money - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHA6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy91cy1uZXdzL2RydWdzdG9yZS1yb2JiZXItcGhpbGx5LXNheXMtaS1tLXNvcnJ5LWktaGF2ZS1zaWNrLW4xMTEzMDI20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMwMjY?oc=5
http://www.nbcnews.com

Brad Pitt says Bradley Cooper helped him get sober: 'Every day has been happier ever since' - Entertainment Weekly News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL21vdmllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1zYXlzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWhlbHBlZC1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyL9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL21vdmllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1zYXlzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWhlbHBlZC1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://ew.com

Taco Bell offers $100,000 salaries and paid sick time - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLWhpZ2hlci1zYWxhcmllcy1wYWlkLXNpY2stdGltZdIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLWhpZ2hlci1zYWxhcmllcy1wYWlkLXNpY2stdGltZT9fYW1wPXRydWU?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: 'Can't Think of Anything Dumber' Than Giving Congress War Powers - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3NhcmFoLWh1Y2thYmVlLXNhbmRlcnMtY2xhaW1zLXNoZS1jYW50LXRoaW5rLW9mLWFueXRoaW5nLWR1bWJlci10aGFuLWdpdmluZy1jb25ncmVzcy13YXItcG93ZXJz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Brad Pitt says Bradley Cooper encouraged him to get sober - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYnJhZC1waXR0LWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLXNvYmVy0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9icmFkLXBpdHQtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItc29iZXIuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Why Your State Is Growing or Stalling or Shrinking - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXBzaG90L2FtZXJpY2FuLXBvcHVsYXRpb24tc2xvd2Rvd24uaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXBzaG90L2FtZXJpY2FuLXBvcHVsYXRpb24tc2xvd2Rvd24uYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

'I left parts of my body in Iraq': Duckworth rips into GOP rep who said Democrats 'love' terrorists - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90YW1teS1kdWNrd29ydGgtZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy10ZXJyb3Jpc3RzLWNubnR2L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL3RhbW15LWR1Y2t3b3J0aC1kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMtY25udHYvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

U.S. jobless claims fall for 4th week in a row to 214,000, back near post-recession lows - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS91cy1qb2JsZXNzLWNsYWltcy1mYWxsLWZvci00dGgtd2Vlay1pbi1hLXJvdy10by0yMTQwMDAtYmFjay1uZWFyLXBvc3RyZWNlc3Npb24tbG93LTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvM0NGQ0JDNzItMzI2MC0xMUVBLTk3MzMtNjEwMzg1MDlCQUIy?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Jail video of Jeffrey Epstein's first suicide attempt was deleted, prosecutors reveal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamFpbC12aWRlby1vZi1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW5zLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC13YXMtZGVsZXRlZC5odG1s0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamFpbC12aWRlby1vZi1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW5zLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC13YXMtZGVsZXRlZC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Galaxy group 13 billion light-years from Earth causing 'cosmic makeover' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvZ2FsYXh5LWdyb3VwLWNhdXNpbmctY29zbWljLW1ha2VvdmVy0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS9nYWxheHktZ3JvdXAtY2F1c2luZy1jb3NtaWMtbWFrZW92ZXIuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Bucks Hold On For Victory In San Francisco - Brew Hoop
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJyZXdob29wLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODAyMy9taWx3YXVrZWUtdnMtZ29sZGVuLXN0YXRlLWdhbWUtcmV2aWV3LWJ1Y2tzLXdhcnJpb3JzLWphbnVhcnktOS0yMDIw0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYnJld2hvb3AuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODAyMy9taWx3YXVrZWUtdnMtZ29sZGVuLXN0YXRlLWdhbWUtcmV2aWV3LWJ1Y2tzLXdhcnJpb3JzLWphbnVhcnktOS0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.brewhoop.com

Aaron Rodgers understands Cowboys' 'infatuation' with Mike McCarthy - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Fhcm9uLXJvZGdlcnMtdW5kZXJzdGFuZHMtY293Ym95cy1pbmZhdHVhdGlvbi13aXRoLW1pa2UtbWNjYXJ0aHkv0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYWFyb24tcm9kZ2Vycy11bmRlcnN0YW5kcy1jb3dib3lzLWluZmF0dWF0aW9uLXdpdGgtbWlrZS1tY2NhcnRoeS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Prince Harry and Meghan: Queen asks staff to find solution with Sussexes - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiJGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay01MTA1NTA3NNIBKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvdWstNTEwNTUwNzQ?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Cowboy Cerrone sends stern warning to mouthy Conor McGregor: Don’t talk about my kid or my grandma - MMAmania.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFtYW5pYS5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg2NTMvY293Ym95LWNlcnJvbmUtc2VuZHMtc3Rlcm4td2FybmluZy1tb3V0aHktY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItZG9udC10YWxrLWFib3V0LW15LWtpZC1teS1ncmFuZG1hLW1tYdIBlgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFtYW5pYS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4NjUzL2Nvd2JveS1jZXJyb25lLXNlbmRzLXN0ZXJuLXdhcm5pbmctbW91dGh5LWNvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLWRvbnQtdGFsay1hYm91dC1teS1raWQtbXktZ3JhbmRtYS1tbWE?oc=5
https://www.mmamania.com

Sources - Ravens RB Mark Ingram expected to play against Titans - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUyODEyL3NvdXJjZXMtcmF2ZW5zLXJiLW1hcmstaW5ncmFtLWV4cGVjdGVkLXBsYXktdGl0YW5z0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTI4MTIvc291cmNlcy1yYXZlbnMtcmItbWFyay1pbmdyYW0tZXhwZWN0ZWQtcGxheS10aXRhbnM_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Was Trump's Order To Airstrike Iranian General Qassem Soleimani Legal? | NBC News NOW - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U3JwZEl4N3dMNlnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

3 Tax Mistakes That Could Ruin Your Retirement - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL3JldGlyZW1lbnQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS8zLXRheC1taXN0YWtlcy10aGF0LWNvdWxkLXJ1aW4teW91ci1yZXRpcmVtZW50LmFzcHjSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb29sLmNvbS9hbXAvcmV0aXJlbWVudC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5LzMtdGF4LW1pc3Rha2VzLXRoYXQtY291bGQtcnVpbi15b3VyLXJldGlyZW1lbnQuYXNweA?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Samsung’s Galaxy XCover Pro brings back the removable battery - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2dhZGdldHMvMjAyMC8wMS9zYW1zdW5ncy1nYWxheHkteGNvdmVyLXByby1icmluZ3MtYmFjay10aGUtcmVtb3ZhYmxlLWJhdHRlcnkv0gFraHR0cHM6Ly9hcnN0ZWNobmljYS5jb20vZ2FkZ2V0cy8yMDIwLzAxL3NhbXN1bmdzLWdhbGF4eS14Y292ZXItcHJvLWJyaW5ncy1iYWNrLXRoZS1yZW1vdmFibGUtYmF0dGVyeS8_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

Lunchbreak: NFL.com Lists X-factors for Vikings-49ers Playoff Matchup - Vikings.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZpa2luZ3MuY29tL25ld3MvbHVuY2hicmVhay1uZmwtY29tLWxpc3RzLXgtZmFjdG9ycy1mb3ItdmlraW5ncy00OWVycy1wbGF5b2ZmLW1hdGNodXDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.vikings.com

Trump Tweets ‘All Is Well,’ but Late Night Has Its Doubts - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXJ0cy90ZWxldmlzaW9uL2xhdGUtbmlnaHQtdHJ1bXAtdHdlZXQtaXJhbi1zZXRoLW1leWVycy5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcnRzL3RlbGV2aXNpb24vbGF0ZS1uaWdodC10cnVtcC10d2VldC1pcmFuLXNldGgtbWV5ZXJzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Lebanon bans ex-Nissan boss Ghosn from traveling: judicial sources - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvbGViYW5vbi1iYW5zLWV4LW5pc3Nhbi1ib3NzLWdob3NuLXRyYXZlbGluZy1qdWRpY2lhbC1zb3VyY2VzLW4xMTEyODM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4MzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

At the Heart of France’s Strikes, a Fight Between Haves and Have-Nots - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2ZyYW5jZS1zdHJpa2VzLXBlbnNpb25zLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dvcmxkL2V1cm9wZS9mcmFuY2Utc3RyaWtlcy1wZW5zaW9ucy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Surveillance video from Jeffrey Epstein's first apparent suicide attempt 'no longer exists' - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9zdXJ2ZWlsbGFuY2UtdmlkZW8tamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLXMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LW5vLW4xMTEzMTY20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMxNjY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

McDonald's faces lawsuit from executives alleging racial discrimination - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWNkb25hbGRzLWZhY2VzLWxhd3N1aXQtZnJvbS1leGVjdXRpdmVzLWFsbGVnaW5nLXJhY2lhbC1kaXNjcmltaW5hdGlvbi5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWNkb25hbGRzLWZhY2VzLWxhd3N1aXQtZnJvbS1leGVjdXRpdmVzLWFsbGVnaW5nLXJhY2lhbC1kaXNjcmltaW5hdGlvbi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Apple Launches 'Shot on iPhone' Night Mode Photo Contest (And Winners Will Get Paid) - PetaPixel
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vcGV0YXBpeGVsLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FwcGxlLWxhdW5jaGVzLXNob3Qtb24taXBob25lLW5pZ2h0LW1vZGUtcGhvdG8tY29udGVzdC1hbmQtd2lubmVycy13aWxsLWdldC1wYWlkL9IBAA?oc=5
https://petapixel.com

Chrome will soon hide those annoying website notification requests - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1jaHJvbWUtaGlkZS13ZWJzaXRlLW5vdGlmaWNhdGlvbi1yZXF1ZXN0cy0xMDczMjk0L9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1jaHJvbWUtaGlkZS13ZWJzaXRlLW5vdGlmaWNhdGlvbi1yZXF1ZXN0cy0xMDczMjk0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Chicago hasn't had a coyote attack in decades. Yesterday, it had 2 - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9jaGljYWdvLWNveW90ZS1zaWdodGluZ3MtYXR0YWNrLWNoaWxkLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvY2hpY2Fnby1jb3lvdGUtc2lnaHRpbmdzLWF0dGFjay1jaGlsZC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Lebanon bans ex-Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn from foreign travel - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNjbXAuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QvYXJ0aWNsZS8zMDQ1NDQxL2xlYmFub24tYmFucy1leC1uaXNzYW4tY2hpZWYtY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWZvcmVpZ24tdHJhdmVs0gF0aHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuc2NtcC5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC9taWRkbGUtZWFzdC9hcnRpY2xlLzMwNDU0NDEvbGViYW5vbi1iYW5zLWV4LW5pc3Nhbi1jaGllZi1jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tZm9yZWlnbi10cmF2ZWw?oc=5
https://www.scmp.com

Scientists may have cracked a cellular secret to living a longer life - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NjaWVuY2UtbmV3cy13b3JtLWxpZmVzcGFuLXJlc2VhcmNoL9IBQ2h0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NjaWVuY2UtbmV3cy13b3JtLWxpZmVzcGFuLXJlc2VhcmNoL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://bgr.com

New Virus Related to SARS May Be Behind Mysterious Pneumonia Outbreak in China - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9uZXctY29yb25hdmlydXMtcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFrLWNoaW5hLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlc2NpZW5jZS5jb20vYW1wL25ldy1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1wbmV1bW9uaWEtb3V0YnJlYWstY2hpbmEuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Ghosn says fleeing Japan was 'most difficult decision' of his life - Global News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VlZ4M05salNtbHfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Macy's closing 28 stores despite upbeat holiday sales numbers - WLS-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vYWJjN2NoaWNhZ28uY29tL3Nob3BwaW5nL21hY3lzLWNsb3NpbmctMjgtc3RvcmVzLWRlc3BpdGUtdXBiZWF0LWhvbGlkYXktc2FsZXMtbnVtYmVycy81ODI5OTk4L9IBI2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjN2NoaWNhZ28uY29tL2FtcC81ODI5OTk4?oc=5
https://abc7chicago.com

Ex-Nissan Chairman Ghosn: I didn't escape Japan in a musical box - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL2dob3NuLWktZGlkbnQtZXNjYXBlLWphcGFuLWluLWEtbXVzaWNhbC1ib3jSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy9naG9zbi1pLWRpZG50LWVzY2FwZS1qYXBhbi1pbi1hLW11c2ljYWwtYm94LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

John Landgraf Calls FX On Hulu “Transformative Opportunity” For Cabler As Digital Hub Sets March Launch Plans – TCA - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvam9obi1sYW5kZ3JhZi1jYWxscy1meC1vbi1odWx1LXRyYW5zZm9ybWF0aXZlLW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5LWZvci1jYWJsZXItdGNhLTEyMDI4MjU2MzMvYW1wL9IBdWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvam9obi1sYW5kZ3JhZi1jYWxscy1meC1vbi1odWx1LXRyYW5zZm9ybWF0aXZlLW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5LWZvci1jYWJsZXItdGNhLTEyMDI4MjU2MzMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://deadline.com

As wildfires get worse, smoke spreads, stokes health worries - KCRA Sacramento
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtjcmEuY29tL2FydGljbGUvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc21va2UtZWZmZWN0cy1oZWFsdGgtc3Ryb2tlLzMwNDU1NjA40gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cua2NyYS5jb20vYW1wL2FydGljbGUvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc21va2UtZWZmZWN0cy1oZWFsdGgtc3Ryb2tlLzMwNDU1NjA4?oc=5
https://www.kcra.com

Video Shows Ukrainian Plane Being Hit Over Iran - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8vaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1taXNzaWxlLmh0bWzSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3ZpZGVvL2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtbWlzc2lsZS5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Internal debate rages over adding House members to Trump defense team - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtZ29wLXRyaWFsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1nb3AtdHJpYWwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Google Booth tour at CES 2020 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9V21lOG1MNU5aUGfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

LSU vs. Clemson odds, line, spread: Predictions, picks, props for national championship 2020 - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9sc3UtdnMtY2xlbXNvbi1vZGRzLWxpbmUtc3ByZWFkLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLXBpY2tzLXByb3BzLWZvci1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtMjAyMC_SAYsBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsL25ld3MvbHN1LXZzLWNsZW1zb24tb2Rkcy1saW5lLXNwcmVhZC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1waWNrcy1wcm9wcy1mb3ItbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLTIwMjAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

California hiker, 17, survives being stranded for 30 hours in snowy Utah mountains: ‘I shouldn’t even be al... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEtaGlrZXItc3Vydml2YWwtc3Rvcnktc3RyYW5kZWQtdXRhaC1tb3VudGFpbnPSAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS91cy9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLWhpa2VyLXN1cnZpdmFsLXN0b3J5LXN0cmFuZGVkLXV0YWgtbW91bnRhaW5zLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Rachel Bloom and Fran Drescher are co-writing a Broadway musical version of The Nanny - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1ibG9vbS1hbmQtZnJhbi1kcmVzY2hlci1hcmUtY28td3JpdGluZy1hLWJyb2Fkd2EtMTg0MDg4MTkxMtIBXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1ibG9vbS1hbmQtZnJhbi1kcmVzY2hlci1hcmUtY28td3JpdGluZy1hLWJyb2Fkd2EtMTg0MDg4MTkxMi9hbXA?oc=5
https://news.avclub.com

The Nanny musical in the works for Broadway by way of Fran Drescher, Rachel Bloom - Entertainment Weekly News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL3RoZWF0ZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC90aGUtbmFubnktbXVzaWNhbC1icm9hZHdheS1mcmFuLWRyZXNjaGVyLXJhY2hlbC1ibG9vbS_SAVxodHRwczovL2V3LmNvbS90aGVhdGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdGhlLW5hbm55LW11c2ljYWwtYnJvYWR3YXktZnJhbi1kcmVzY2hlci1yYWNoZWwtYmxvb20vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://ew.com

R. Kelly’s girlfriends fight at Trump Tower, charges filed - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JyZWFraW5nL2N0LXIta2VsbHktZmlnaHQtdHJ1bXAtdG93ZXItMjAyMDAxMDkta2E0cnJ6ZXd1amY0aGU2cnVlaXh3bHh5YW0tc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

Goldilocks stars are best places to look for life - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOGh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWdvbGRpbG9ja3Mtc3RhcnMtbGlmZS5odG1s0gE3aHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtZ29sZGlsb2Nrcy1zdGFycy1saWZlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

As wildfires get worse, smoke spreads, stokes health worries - KCRA Sacramento
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtjcmEuY29tL2FydGljbGUvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc21va2UtaGVhbHRoLWVmZmVjdHMvMzA0NTU2MDjSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5rY3JhLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1zbW9rZS1oZWFsdGgtZWZmZWN0cy8zMDQ1NTYwOA?oc=5
https://www.kcra.com

Former Nissan chair Carlos Ghosn on escape from Japan: "I fled injustice" - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VDdBUE13aF9FVjDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

MTV's 'Are You The One' Contestant Alexis Eddy Dead at 23 - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcmUteW91LXRoZS1vbmUtYWxleGlzLWVkZHktZGVhZC1kaWVzLW10di_SAUlodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXJlLXlvdS10aGUtb25lLWFsZXhpcy1lZGR5LWRlYWQtZGllcy1tdHYv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Soleimani killing: US House debates Trump's military powers - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TWE1cXNmaE9oQVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Taco Bell to pay $100,000 salaries to some store managers - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdGFjby1iZWxsLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcmllcy1wYWlkLXRvLXNvbWUtcmVzdGF1cmFudC1tYW5hZ2Vycy_SAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy90YWNvLWJlbGwtMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyaWVzLXBhaWQtdG8tc29tZS1yZXN0YXVyYW50LW1hbmFnZXJzLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

BIRDS OF PREY Trailer #2 (2020) Margot Robbie Superhero Movie - JoBlo Movie Trailers
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WVlvMzBoU3ZueW_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Kirk Herbstreit: Urban Meyer 'made up' headlines at Florida - 247Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovLzI0N3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vQXJ0aWNsZS9LaXJrLUhlcmJzdHJlaXQtVXJiYW4tTWV5ZXItRmxvcmlkYS1HYXRvcnMtQ2xlbXNvbi1UaWdlci1EYWJvLVN3aW5uZXktZmFrZS1oZWFkbGluZXMtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC0xNDE4OTMzNzIv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vMjQ3c3BvcnRzLmNvbS9BcnRpY2xlL0tpcmstSGVyYnN0cmVpdC1VcmJhbi1NZXllci1GbG9yaWRhLUdhdG9ycy1DbGVtc29uLVRpZ2VyLURhYm8tU3dpbm5leS1mYWtlLWhlYWRsaW5lcy1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsLTE0MTg5MzM3Mi9BbXAv?oc=5
https://247sports.com

Mandel: Figuring out the mystery of Little Ol’ Clemson - The Athletic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlYXRobGV0aWMuY29tLzE1MjA4MDMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW5kZWwtZmlndXJpbmctb3V0LXRoZS1teXN0ZXJ5LW9mLWxpdHRsZS1vbC1jbGVtc29uL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlYXRobGV0aWMuY29tLzE1MjA4MDMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW5kZWwtZmlndXJpbmctb3V0LXRoZS1teXN0ZXJ5LW9mLWxpdHRsZS1vbC1jbGVtc29uLz9hbXA?oc=5
https://theathletic.com

Cuttlefish 3D glasses study finds the species' brains use stereopsis to perceive depth, scientists say - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2NpZW50aXN0cy1wdXQtM2QtZ2xhc3Nlcy1vbi1jdXR0bGVmaXNoLWFuZC1wbGF5ZWQtbW92aWUtY2xpcHMtaGVyZXMtd2hhdC10aGV5LWRpc2NvdmVyZWQv0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3Mvc2NpZW50aXN0cy1wdXQtM2QtZ2xhc3Nlcy1vbi1jdXR0bGVmaXNoLWFuZC1wbGF5ZWQtbW92aWUtY2xpcHMtaGVyZXMtd2hhdC10aGV5LWRpc2NvdmVyZWQv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Exclusive: Informants in Iraq, Syria helped U.S. kill Iran's Soleimani - sources - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYXEtc2VjdXJpdHktc29sZWltYW5pLWV4Y2x1c2l2ZS9leGNsdXNpdmUtaW5mb3JtYW50cy1pbi1pcmFxLXN5cmlhLWhlbHBlZC11cy1raWxsLWlyYW5zLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1zb3VyY2VzLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgyOUzSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MjlM?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Prince William’s Pissed the Sussexes Dropped Their News *Right* Before Kate Middleton’s Birthday - Cosmopolitan
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvc21vcG9saXRhbi5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnMvYTMwNDU3MjU0L3ByaW5jZS13aWxsaWFtLXBpc3NlZC1zdXNzZXhlcy1rYXRlLW1pZGRsZXRvbi1iaXJ0aGRheS_SAXVodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb3Ntb3BvbGl0YW4uY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvY2VsZWJzL2FtcDMwNDU3MjU0L3ByaW5jZS13aWxsaWFtLXBpc3NlZC1zdXNzZXhlcy1rYXRlLW1pZGRsZXRvbi1iaXJ0aGRheS8?oc=5
https://www.cosmopolitan.com

UFC 246: Inside the Octagon - McGregor vs Cowboy - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9OUdBMDJsOEw4MXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fed has ‘reasonable chance’ of achieving a soft landing despite upturn in geopolitical risk, Bullard says - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvZmVkLWhhcy1yZWFzb25hYmxlLWNoYW5jZS1vZi1hY2hpZXZpbmctYS1zb2Z0LWxhbmRpbmctZGVzcGl0ZS11cHR1cm4taW4tZ2VvcG9saXRpY2FsLXJpc2stYnVsbGFyZC1zYXlzLTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvNDZBNzRCREEtMzMwOS0xMUVBLTg3RDMtMkYwREZENUQzMThC?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

U.S. weekly jobless claims fall, but labor market cooling - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXkvdXMtd2Vla2x5LWpvYmxlc3MtY2xhaW1zLWZhbGwtYnV0LWxhYm9yLW1hcmtldC1jb29saW5nLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgxUFjSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MVBY?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

MTV reality star Alexis Eddy dead at 23: report - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbXR2LWFsZXhpcy1lZGR5LWRlYWTSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L210di1hbGV4aXMtZWRkeS1kZWFkLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump: We killed a man who killed thousands of people - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WEdnR1pFbEtLQnfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

After Saints game, Vikings' Kyle Rudolph thought he donated gloves to charity; they were sold instead - NOLA.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5vbGEuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9zYWludHMvYXJ0aWNsZV9hMjg2ZjE2Ni0zMmY2LTExZWEtYTUxMC0yM2I5NmFiOWFkNDEuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5vbGEuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9zYWludHMvYXJ0aWNsZV9hMjg2ZjE2Ni0zMmY2LTExZWEtYTUxMC0yM2I5NmFiOWFkNDEuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nola.com

Dow Jones Up 200 Points As Iran Fears Fade And Apple, Goldman Stocks Rally - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLXVwLW5lYXJseS0yMDAtcG9pbnRzLWFzLWlyYW4tZmVhcnMtZmFkZS1hcHBsZS1nb2xkbWFuLXJhbGx5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Investors are feeling a lot calmer today about the United States and Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYXNpYW4tbWFya2V0LWxhdGVzdC1vaWwtcHJpY2VzLWdvbGQtcHJpY2VzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L2ludmVzdGluZy9hc2lhbi1tYXJrZXQtbGF0ZXN0LW9pbC1wcmljZXMtZ29sZC1wcmljZXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Hubble detects smallest known dark matter clumps - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWh1YmJsZS1zbWFsbGVzdC1kYXJrLWNsdW1wcy5odG1s0gE9aHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtaHViYmxlLXNtYWxsZXN0LWRhcmstY2x1bXBzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Trump says he is open to witnesses testifying at his impeachment trial in the Senate if Schiff, Biden are called - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtb3Blbi10by13aXRuZXNzZXMtdGVzdGlmeWluZy1hdC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1pbi1zZW5hdGUuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydW1wLW9wZW4tdG8td2l0bmVzc2VzLXRlc3RpZnlpbmctYXQtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtaW4tc2VuYXRlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Losing Meghan, Prince Harry and and (Potentially) Billions of Pounds - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3R5bGUvaGFycnktbWVnaGFuLmh0bWzSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3N0eWxlL2hhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

New 'Birds of Prey' trailer appears to kill off Jared Leto's Joker and Twitter is celebrating: 'Thank you Harley Quinn!' - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy55YWhvby5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9iaXJkcy1vZi1wcmV5LXRyYWlsZXIta2lsbHMtamFyZWQtbGV0by1qb2tlci1kZWF0aC1oYXJsZXktcXVpbm4tbWFyZ290LXJvYmJpZS0xOTQwMzU5MTUuaHRtbNIBiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2JpcmRzLW9mLXByZXktdHJhaWxlci1raWxscy1qYXJlZC1sZXRvLWpva2VyLWRlYXRoLWhhcmxleS1xdWlubi1tYXJnb3Qtcm9iYmllLTE5NDAzNTkxNS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trove of New Bird Species Found on Remote Indonesian Islands - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9iaXJkcy1uZXctc3BlY2llcy1pbmRvbmVzaWEuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9iaXJkcy1uZXctc3BlY2llcy1pbmRvbmVzaWEuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Doug Collins Reminded Trump 'Attacked' Gold Star Families After Democrats Soleimani Comment - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtdHJ1bXAtYXR0YWNrZWQtZ29sZC1zdGFyLWZhbWlsaWVzLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1zb2xlaW1hbmktaXJhbi0xNDgxMjU00gFuaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL2RvdWctY29sbGlucy10cnVtcC1hdHRhY2tlZC1nb2xkLXN0YXItZmFtaWxpZXMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1pcmFuLTE0ODEyNTQ_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

‘The Outsider’ Brings a Faceless Terror, and Stephen King, to HBO - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXJ0cy90ZWxldmlzaW9uL3RoZS1vdXRzaWRlci1zdGVwaGVuLWtpbmctaGJvLmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FydHMvdGVsZXZpc2lvbi90aGUtb3V0c2lkZXItc3RlcGhlbi1raW5nLWhiby5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Scientists observe ultrafast birth of radicals - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLXNjaWVudGlzdHMtdWx0cmFmYXN0LWJpcnRoLXJhZGljYWxzLmh0bWzSAUVodHRwczovL3BoeXMub3JnL25ld3MvMjAyMC0wMS1zY2llbnRpc3RzLXVsdHJhZmFzdC1iaXJ0aC1yYWRpY2Fscy5hbXA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Taco Bell customers arrested after argument reportedly leads to behind-the-counter fight - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2Zvb2QtZHJpbmsvdGFjby1iZWxsLWJlaGluZC1jb3VudGVyLWZpZ2h0LWFyZ3VtZW500gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vZm9vZC1kcmluay90YWNvLWJlbGwtYmVoaW5kLWNvdW50ZXItZmlnaHQtYXJndW1lbnQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

LSU vs. Clemson odds, line: 2020 National Championship Game picks, predictions by top-rated model on 8-2 roll - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9sc3UtdnMtY2xlbXNvbi1vZGRzLWxpbmUtMjAyMC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtZ2FtZS1waWNrcy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1ieS10b3AtcmF0ZWQtbW9kZWwtb24tOC0yLXJvbGwv0gGeAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL2xzdS12cy1jbGVtc29uLW9kZHMtbGluZS0yMDIwLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1nYW1lLXBpY2tzLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLWJ5LXRvcC1yYXRlZC1tb2RlbC1vbi04LTItcm9sbC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Trump administration plans to announce 100-mile mark on border wall construction - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Trump takes credit for decline in cancer deaths. The American Cancer Society says he's wrong - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9jYW5jZXItZGVhdGhzLXRydW1wLWZhY3QtY2hlY2stYm4vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvY2FuY2VyLWRlYXRocy10cnVtcC1mYWN0LWNoZWNrLWJuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Video of Jeffrey Epstein cell during suicide attempt gone: feds - New York Daily News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9uZXcteW9yay9ueS1lcHN0ZWluLXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC12aWRlby0yMDIwMDEwOS0zcHlvazZiajd2YWMzZ250NzdocDVmc21vbS1zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGDAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9uZXcteW9yay9ueS1lcHN0ZWluLXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC12aWRlby0yMDIwMDEwOS0zcHlvazZiajd2YWMzZ250NzdocDVmc21vbS1zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.nydailynews.com

A billion animals have been caught in Australia’s fires. Some may go extinct. - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmUtYW5pbWFscy1raWxsZWQv0gFfaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS1hbmltYWxzLWtpbGxlZC8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

The Internet Reacts To The Pokémon With A Gun - Kotaku
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8va290YWt1LmNvbS90aGUtaW50ZXJuZXQtcmVhY3RzLXRvLXRoZS1wb2tlbW9uLXdpdGgtYS1ndW4tMTg0MDkwNzg2N9IBT2h0dHBzOi8va290YWt1LmNvbS90aGUtaW50ZXJuZXQtcmVhY3RzLXRvLXRoZS1wb2tlbW9uLXdpdGgtYS1ndW4tMTg0MDkwNzg2Ny9hbXA?oc=5
https://kotaku.com

Drugstore robber in Philly says, 'I'm sorry, I have a sick child,' as he demands money - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9kcnVnc3RvcmUtcm9iYmVyLXBoaWxseS1zYXlzLWktbS1zb3JyeS1pLWhhdmUtc2ljay1uMTExMzAyNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMDI2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Jeffrey Epstein: Jail CCTV erased by 'technical errors' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNTMyMDXSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA1MzIwNQ?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Here's what happened to the stock market on Thursday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd2hhdC1oYXBwZW5lZC10by1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdGh1cnNkYXktcmVjb3JkLWhpZ2hzLWFzLWlyYW4tdGVuc2lvbnMtZGVjcmVhc2UuaHRtbNIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3doYXQtaGFwcGVuZWQtdG8tc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LXRodXJzZGF5LXJlY29yZC1oaWdocy1hcy1pcmFuLXRlbnNpb25zLWRlY3JlYXNlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Massive NASA rocket part to help put first woman on the Moon, to be ferried up Mississippi River on barge - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9uYXNhLXJvY2tldC1iYXJnZS1zY24vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Dow 29,000 in sight, as fading Mideast tensions help to jolt stock market higher - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9kb3ctb24tdGhlLXZlcmdlLW9mLW5vdGNoaW5nLW1pbGVzdG9uZS1sZXZlbC1hdC0yOTAwMC1hcy1taWRlYXN0LXRlbnNpb25zLWZhZGUtMjAyMC0wMS0wOdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC8yQ0MxMTlGQy0zMkVDLTExRUEtODdEMy0yRjBERkQ1RDMxOEI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

The Mystery Virus in China Might Be an Undiscovered Cousin of SARS, Scientists Say - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vZ2l6bW9kby5jb20vdGhlLW15c3RlcnktdmlydXMtaW4tY2hpbmEtbWlnaHQtYmUtYW4tdW5kaXNjb3ZlcmVkLWNvdS0xODQwOTA3NTQz0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9naXptb2RvLmNvbS90aGUtbXlzdGVyeS12aXJ1cy1pbi1jaGluYS1taWdodC1iZS1hbi11bmRpc2NvdmVyZWQtY291LTE4NDA5MDc1NDMvYW1w?oc=5
https://gizmodo.com

Our Galaxy Has Thousands of Alien Stars That Didn't Come from the Milky Way - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9tYWdlbGxhbmljLXN0YXJzLWluc2lkZS1taWxreS13YXkuaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9hbXAvbWFnZWxsYW5pYy1zdGFycy1pbnNpZGUtbWlsa3ktd2F5Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

2020 Democrats face commander-in-chief test as Iran crisis sparks foreign policy debate - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9wb2xpdGljcy9kZW1vY3JhdHMtMjAyMC1mb3JlaWduLXBvbGljeS10ZXN0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3BvbGl0aWNzL2RlbW9jcmF0cy0yMDIwLWZvcmVpZ24tcG9saWN5LXRlc3QvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Why I Am Completely Convinced LSU Will Lose To Clemson - And The Valley Shook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc5NDQvMjAxOS1sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtd2h5LWNsZW1zb24tdGlnZXJzLXdpbtIBkAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU3OTQ0LzIwMTktbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwtbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLXdoeS1jbGVtc29uLXRpZ2Vycy13aW4?oc=5
https://www.andthevalleyshook.com

Chicago weather: Freezing rain, strong winds possible — then snow - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyL2N0LWNoaWNhZ28td2VhdGhlci13aW50ZXItc3Rvcm0tc2F0dXJkYXktMjAyMDAxMDkteDZweTNrc25zbmVqdmF5eGFmNnd2d2Jwd2Utc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

New 'Birds of Prey' trailer appears to kill off Jared Leto's Joker and Twitter is celebrating: 'Thank you Harley Quinn!' - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy55YWhvby5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9iaXJkcy1vZi1wcmV5LXRyYWlsZXIta2lsbHMtamFyZWQtbGV0by1qb2tlci1kZWF0aC1oYXJsZXktcXVpbm4tbWFyZ290LXJvYmJpZS0xOTQwMzU5MTUuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Iranian Hackers Have Been ‘Password-Spraying’ the US Grid - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9pcmFuLWFwdDMzLXVzLWVsZWN0cmljLWdyaWQv0gE7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2lyZWQuY29tL3N0b3J5L2lyYW4tYXB0MzMtdXMtZWxlY3RyaWMtZ3JpZC9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

Trump has created a loophole to allow pipelines to avoid environmental review - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcG9saWN5LWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODM4Mi90cnVtcC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXJvbGxiYWNrcy1waXBlbGluZXPSAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC9wb2xpY3ktYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4MzgyL3RydW1wLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtcm9sbGJhY2tzLXBpcGVsaW5lcw?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Schiff throws cold water on bringing Bolton to House committee before Senate trial - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9hZGFtLXNjaGlmZi1qb2huLWJvbHRvbi10ZXN0aWZ5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL2FkYW0tc2NoaWZmLWpvaG4tYm9sdG9uLXRlc3RpZnkvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Appeals Court Allows Trump To Divert $3.6 Billion In Military Funds For Border Wall - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ5NjkxMjEvYXBwZWFscy1jb3VydC1hbGxvd3MtdHJ1bXAtdG8tZGl2ZXJ0LTMtNi1iaWxsaW9uLWluLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWZ1bmRzLWZvci1ib3JkZXItd2HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Texas 15-year-old's death is youngest vaping lung injury fatality in the United States - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvY2RjLXZhcGluZy1sdW5nLWluanVyeS1ldmFsaS10ZWVuLXVwZGF0ZS1ibi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvY2RjLXZhcGluZy1sdW5nLWluanVyeS1ldmFsaS10ZWVuLXVwZGF0ZS1ibi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

LSU football practice report (Jan. 9): Joe Burrow's last open practice on campus - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfMGZiYTU5ZjYtMzMxYy0xMWVhLWFhZGItYjM1MDg1NDA5N2JkLmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVhZHZvY2F0ZS5jb20vYmF0b25fcm91Z2Uvc3BvcnRzL2xzdS9hcnRpY2xlXzBmYmE1OWY2LTMzMWMtMTFlYS1hYWRiLWIzNTA4NTQwOTdiZC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

Rep. Collins says Democrats are 'in love with terrorists,' 'mourn Soleimani' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvaG91c2UvNDc3NDc5LWNvbGxpbnMtYWNjdXNlcy1kZW1vY3JhdHMtb2YtYmVpbmctaW4tbG92ZS13aXRoLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMtdGhleS1tb3VybtIBc2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvaG91c2UvNDc3NDc5LWNvbGxpbnMtYWNjdXNlcy1kZW1vY3JhdHMtb2YtYmVpbmctaW4tbG92ZS13aXRoLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMtdGhleS1tb3Vybj9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

'Most powerful rocket ever built' emerges from its hanger and is loaded onto a BARGE - Daily Mail
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9zY2llbmNldGVjaC9hcnRpY2xlLTc4NjkzMDMvTW9zdC1wb3dlcmZ1bC1yb2NrZXQtYnVpbHQtZW1lcmdlcy1oYW5nZXItbG9hZGVkLUJBUkdFLmh0bWzSAXdodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW1haWwuY28udWsvc2NpZW5jZXRlY2gvYXJ0aWNsZS03ODY5MzAzL2FtcC9Nb3N0LXBvd2VyZnVsLXJvY2tldC1idWlsdC1lbWVyZ2VzLWhhbmdlci1sb2FkZWQtQkFSR0UuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.dailymail.co.uk

Waiting for Betelgeuse to Explode - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tL2ludGVyYWN0aXZlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9iZXRlbGdldXNlLXN1cGVybm92YS1mYWRpbmcuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

No, U.S.-Iran tension is not a reason to invest retirement money in gold — here’s when you should - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3Rvcnkvbm8tdXMtaXJhbi10ZW5zaW9uLWlzLW5vdC1hLXJlYXNvbi10by1pbnZlc3QtcmV0aXJlbWVudC1tb25leS1pbi1nb2xkLWhlcmVzLXdoZW4teW91LXNob3VsZC0yMDIwLTAxLTA40gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzk1NzJENDQ4LTMyM0EtMTFFQS04MTdELTRGMTM3NUM4QTBEQQ?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Comma Two hands-on at CES 2020 - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SndCTWszWW9ONTDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Sold online, gloves of Vikings' Kyle Rudolph raise money for charity after all - Minneapolis Star Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHA6Ly93d3cuc3RhcnRyaWJ1bmUuY29tL3NvbGQtb25saW5lLWdsb3Zlcy1vZi12aWtpbmdzLWt5bGUtcnVkb2xwaC1yYWlzZS1tb25leS1mb3ItY2hhcml0eS1hZnRlci1hbGwvNTY2ODM5MjIyL9IBAA?oc=5
http://www.startribune.com

Trump moves to overhaul the National Environmental Policy Act - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtdG8tYW5ub3VuY2Utc3dlZXBpbmctY2hhbmdlcy10by10aGUtbmF0aW9uYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktYWN0Lmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVtcC10by1hbm5vdW5jZS1zd2VlcGluZy1jaGFuZ2VzLXRvLXRoZS1uYXRpb25hbC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXBvbGljeS1hY3QuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Ed Orgeron Is the Beacon of Light Down on the Bayou - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWVkLW9yZ2Vyb24tYmF5b3UtY2FqdW4tcm9vdHPSAUtodHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWVkLW9yZ2Vyb24tYmF5b3UtY2FqdW4tcm9vdHM?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Megyn Kelly Presents: A Response to "Bombshell" - Full Discussion - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TW1TejdIcWtJOXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump aims to weaken prime environmental law - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLW5hdGlvbmFsLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtcG9saWN5LWFjdC0wOTY2NznSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtbmF0aW9uYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktYWN0LTA5NjY3OQ?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Trump Admits Climate Change Is 'Not a Hoax' After Proposing Rollback of Environmental Law - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3RydW1wLWFkbWl0cy1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1pcy1ub3QtYS1ob2F4LWFmdGVyLXByb3Bvc2luZy1yb2xsYmFjay1vZi1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLWxhd9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Lara Trump: Trump's Iran strategy is 'peace through strength' or could be 'hell to pay' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9sYXJhLXRydW1wLWhpdHMtY2FtcGFpZ24tdHJhaWwtb2hpby1wcmFpc2VzLWhhbmRsaW5nLWlyYW4vMjg1MTMxMDAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NTEzMTAwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Source: Leach leaving Washington State for Mississippi State - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvc3BvcnRzL25jYWFmYi9zb3VyY2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmluZy13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlLWZvci1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS9hci1CQllON1ZY0gEA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

What is Trump's next move? | The Stream - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9X3dSN1FFUjRaRmPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump says Iran appears to be "standing down" after retalitatory attacks - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aERVUXdCT0lRb1HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

A high school football player who killed his pregnant schoolmate has been sentenced to 65 years in prison. He says she waited too long for an abortion - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9pbmRpYW5hLW1pc2hhd2FrYS1zdHVkZW50LWtpbGxpbmctc2VudGVuY2luZy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VzL2luZGlhbmEtbWlzaGF3YWthLXN0dWRlbnQta2lsbGluZy1zZW50ZW5jaW5nLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Mayor Eric Garcetti endorses Joe Biden for president - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvZXJpYy1nYXJjZXR0aS1lbmRvcnNlcy1qb2UtYmlkZW4tZm9yLXByZXNpZGVudNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Megyn Kelly talks about how ‘demeaning’ it was having to ‘spin’ for former Fox News honcho Roger Ailes — as her husband tearfully looks on - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Tiger Practice Report: Quarterback Myles Brennan Misses Thursday Practice - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlL2xzdS9mb290YmFsbC9sZXdpcy1tYXJzaGFsbC1wcmFjdGljZS1mb3Itc2Vjb25kLXN0cmFpZ2h0LWRhedIBAA?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Bengals fans will want to see these notes about Joe Burrow - Bengals Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vYmVuZ2Fsc3dpcmUudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvam9lLWJ1cnJvdy1iZW5nYWxzLWRyYWZ0LW5vdGVzLTIwMjAv0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9iZW5nYWxzd2lyZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9qb2UtYnVycm93LWJlbmdhbHMtZHJhZnQtbm90ZXMtMjAyMC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://bengalswire.usatoday.com

Former LSU AD: 'I would have never hired' Jimbo Fisher to succeed Les Miles - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9mb3JtZXItbHN1LWFkLWktd291bGQtaGF2ZS1uZXZlci1oaXJlZC1qaW1iby1maXNoZXItdG8tc3VjY2VlZC1sZXMtbWlsZXMtMTQyNzAxMzIyLmh0bWzSAXhodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9mb3JtZXItbHN1LWFkLWktd291bGQtaGF2ZS1uZXZlci1oaXJlZC1qaW1iby1maXNoZXItdG8tc3VjY2VlZC1sZXMtbWlsZXMtMTQyNzAxMzIyLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Mike McCarthy promises to get Ezekiel Elliott the football - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWtlLW1jY2FydGh5LXByb21pc2VzLXRvLWdldC1lemVraWVsLWVsbGlvdHQtdGhlLWZvb3RiYWxsL9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWtlLW1jY2FydGh5LXByb21pc2VzLXRvLWdldC1lemVraWVsLWVsbGlvdHQtdGhlLWZvb3RiYWxsL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Fans Show Their Support for Justin Bieber After He Shares Shocking Health Update; "We're Always Here For You" - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2ZhbnMtc2hvdy10aGVpci1zdXBwb3J0LWZvci1qdXN0aW4tYmllYmVyLWFmdGVyLWhlLXNoYXJlcy1zaG9ja2luZy1oZWFsdGgtdXBkYXRlLXdlcmUtYWx3YXlzLWhlcmUtZm9yLXlvdS5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

LG wants its smartphone segment to be profitable by 2021 but is vague on how it will happen - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODIzOC9sZy1zbWFydHBob25lLXByb2ZpdGFibGUtMjAyMS1hcHBsZS1zYW1zdW5nLWNlcy1td2PSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4MjM4L2xnLXNtYXJ0cGhvbmUtcHJvZml0YWJsZS0yMDIxLWFwcGxlLXNhbXN1bmctY2VzLW13Yw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Amazon Takes a Swipe at PayPal's $4 Billion Acquisition - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9hbWF6b24taG9uZXktc2VjdXJpdHktd2FybmluZy_SAT1odHRwczovL3d3dy53aXJlZC5jb20vc3RvcnkvYW1hem9uLWhvbmV5LXNlY3VyaXR5LXdhcm5pbmcvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

Draft Show Recap: Assessing The Cowboys' Needs - DallasCowboys.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhbGxhc2Nvd2JveXMuY29tL25ld3MvZHJhZnQtc2hvdy1yZWNhcC1hc3Nlc3NpbmctdGhlLWNvd2JveXMtbmVlZHPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.dallascowboys.com

Olympic Athletes Banned From Kneeling At 2020 Games - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vbHltcGljcy1hdGhsZXRlcy1iYW5uZWQta25lZWxpbmctdG9reW8tMjAyMC1nYW1lcy_SAVJodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvb2x5bXBpY3MtYXRobGV0ZXMtYmFubmVkLWtuZWVsaW5nLXRva3lvLTIwMjAtZ2FtZXMv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Besides the ‘winning a national championship’ thing, Clyde Edwards-Helaire should have extra motivation against Clemson - Saturday Down South
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvd2h5LXRoaXMtcmV2ZW5nZS1nYW1lLWNseWRlLWVkd2FyZHMtaGVsYWlyZS0yMDIwL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvd2h5LXRoaXMtcmV2ZW5nZS1nYW1lLWNseWRlLWVkd2FyZHMtaGVsYWlyZS0yMDIwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.saturdaydownsouth.com

As Justin Bieber reveals he has Lyme disease, here’s what you need to know about the tick-borne illness — and how to protect yourself - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvYXMtanVzdGluLWJpZWJlci1yZXZlYWxzLWhlLWhhcy1seW1lLWRpc2Vhc2UtaGVyZXMtd2hhdC15b3UtbmVlZC10by1rbm93LWFib3V0LXRoZS10aWNrLWJvcm5lLWlsbG5lc3MtMjAyMC0wMS0wOdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC9ENDk5NDc5NC0zMzBBLTExRUEtOTczMy02MTAzODUwOUJBQjI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Teacher Is Charged With Battery After Throwing Student Out of Class - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvYnVkZHktdGF5bG9yLW1pZGRsZS1zY2hvb2wtdGVhY2hlci1hcnJlc3QuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvYnVkZHktdGF5bG9yLW1pZGRsZS1zY2hvb2wtdGVhY2hlci1hcnJlc3QuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

How Pompeo convinced Trump to kill Soleimani and fulfilled a decade-long goal - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9wb21wZW8tdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1zb2xlaW1hbmkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvcG9tcGVvLXRydW1wLWlyYW4tc29sZWltYW5pL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iranian Missile Accidentally Brought Down Ukrainian Jet, Officials Say - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXVrcmFpbmUuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXVrcmFpbmUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

McConnell backs measure to change Senate rules, dismiss impeachment without articles | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU4Ny1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtYmFja3MtbWVhc3VyZS10by1jaGFuZ2Utc2VuYXRlLXJ1bGVzLWRpc21pc3MtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtd2l0aG91dNIBeWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU4Ny1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtYmFja3MtbWVhc3VyZS10by1jaGFuZ2Utc2VuYXRlLXJ1bGVzLWRpc21pc3MtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtd2l0aG91dD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander warns of “future revenge” - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TUVyZ21VVUdMRkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

House Votes to Restrain Trump’s Iran War Powers - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VzL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWlyYW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Fotis Dulos, Michelle Troconis released on bond - WFSB
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53ZnNiLmNvbS9uZXdzL2ZvdGlzLWR1bG9zLW1pY2hlbGxlLXRyb2NvbmlzLXBvc3QtYm9uZC10aHVyc2RheS1hZnRlcm5vb24vYXJ0aWNsZV85OWMxMDcxNi0zMmQyLTExZWEtOTY3Yi1jYjBjMDBkMDE1ZDMuaHRtbNIBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy53ZnNiLmNvbS9uZXdzL2ZvdGlzLWR1bG9zLW1pY2hlbGxlLXRyb2NvbmlzLXBvc3QtYm9uZC10aHVyc2RheS1hZnRlcm5vb24vYXJ0aWNsZV85OWMxMDcxNi0zMmQyLTExZWEtOTY3Yi1jYjBjMDBkMDE1ZDMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.wfsb.com

McConnell tells Republicans he expects impeachment trial next week - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWl0Y2gtbWNjb25uZWxsLXRydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LTA5Njc4NtIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21pdGNoLW1jY29ubmVsbC10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0wOTY3ODY?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

IOC to athletes: No kneeling, hand gestures or ‘any political messaging’ at Tokyo Olympics - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaW9jLWF0aGxldGVzLW5vLWtuZWVsaW5nLWhhbmQtZ2VzdHVyZXMtb3ItYW55LXBvbGl0aWNhbC1tZXNzYWdpbmctdG9reW8tb2x5bXBpY3Mv0gGRAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pb2MtYXRobGV0ZXMtbm8ta25lZWxpbmctaGFuZC1nZXN0dXJlcy1vci1hbnktcG9saXRpY2FsLW1lc3NhZ2luZy10b2t5by1vbHltcGljcy8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

As Australia's wildfires rage, health concerns mount among experts and victims - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvYXVzdHJhbGlhLXMtd2lsZGZpcmVzLXJhZ2UtaGVhbHRoLWNvbmNlcm5zLW1vdW50LWFtb25nLWV4cGVydHMtdmljdGltcy1uMTExMzIyMdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMjIx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Too late to leave: Australia’s advice for surviving a bush fire when surrounded - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9vLWxhdGUtbGVhdmUtYXVzdHJhbGlhcy1hZHZpY2Utc3Vydml2aW5nLWJ1c2gtZmlyZS13aGVuLXN1cnJvdW5kZWQv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9vLWxhdGUtbGVhdmUtYXVzdHJhbGlhcy1hZHZpY2Utc3Vydml2aW5nLWJ1c2gtZmlyZS13aGVuLXN1cnJvdW5kZWQvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

First child flu death of season reported in New Mexico - KOAT New Mexico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtvYXQuY29tL2FydGljbGUvZmlyc3QtY2hpbGQtZmx1LWRlYXRoLW9mLXNlYXNvbi1yZXBvcnRlZC1pbi1uZXctbWV4aWNvLzMwNDYxMDk00gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cua29hdC5jb20vYW1wL2FydGljbGUvZmlyc3QtY2hpbGQtZmx1LWRlYXRoLW9mLXNlYXNvbi1yZXBvcnRlZC1pbi1uZXctbWV4aWNvLzMwNDYxMDk0?oc=5
https://www.koat.com

Stocks are up 495% in the past decade — here's why you probably aren't - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tc24uY29tL2VuLXVzL21vbmV5L3NhdmluZ2FuZGludmVzdGluZy9zdG9ja3MtYXJlLXVwLTQ5NXBlcmNlbnQtaW4tdGhlLXBhc3QtZGVjYWRlLSVFMiU4MCU5NC1oZXJlcy13aHkteW91LXByb2JhYmx5LWFyZW50L2FyLUJCWUtSVU3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Odell Beckham Jr. send LSU players a gift and a message: Make it count - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NDMxOC9tYWtlLWNvdW500gFRaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU0MzE4L21ha2UtY291bnQ_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Folding screens are being slapped on everything, even this $900 smart speaker - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvZm9sZGluZy1zY3JlZW5zLWFyZS1iZWluZy1zbGFwcGVkLW9uLWV2ZXJ5dGhpbmctZXZlbi10aGlzLTkwMC1zbWFydC1zcGVha2VyL9IBcWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9mb2xkaW5nLXNjcmVlbnMtYXJlLWJlaW5nLXNsYXBwZWQtb24tZXZlcnl0aGluZy1ldmVuLXRoaXMtOTAwLXNtYXJ0LXNwZWFrZXIv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Amazon suspiciously says browser extension Honey is a security risk, now that PayPal owns it - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTA4My9hbWF6b24taG9uZXktYnJvd3Nlci1leHRlbnNpb24tc2VjdXJpdHktcmlzay1wYXlwYWwtYWNxdWlzaXRpb24tY29tcGV0aXRpb27SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhldmVyZ2UuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTA4My9hbWF6b24taG9uZXktYnJvd3Nlci1leHRlbnNpb24tc2VjdXJpdHktcmlzay1wYXlwYWwtYWNxdWlzaXRpb24tY29tcGV0aXRpb24?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

CES 2020: Our picks for best of show - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS90ZWNoLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2VzLTIwMjAtYmVzdC10ZWNoLWZseWluZy1jYXJzLWlua2pldC1tYWtldXAtYW5kLWZha2UtcG9yay80NDIwNDQxMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyMDQ0MTAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Polls show a logjam at the top of the 2020 Democratic field in Iowa and New Hampshire - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbGF0ZXN0LTIwMjAtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtcHJpbWFyeS1wb2xscy1zaG93LWJpZGVuLXNhbmRlcnMtYWhlYWQuaHRtbNIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2xhdGVzdC0yMDIwLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtcHJlc2lkZW50aWFsLXByaW1hcnktcG9sbHMtc2hvdy1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJzLWFoZWFkLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Severe weather this weekend could bring snow, ice, tornadoes to central and eastern U.S., record warm temperatures to Northeast - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdGhpcy13ZWVrZW5kLWNvdWxkLWJyaW5nLXNub3ctaWNlLXRvcm5hZG9lcy10by1jZW50cmFsLWFuZC1lYXN0ZXJuLXVzL9IBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC1jb3VsZC1icmluZy1zbm93LWljZS10b3JuYWRvZXMtdG8tY2VudHJhbC1hbmQtZWFzdGVybi11cy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Trump says 'nothing's a hoax' about climate change | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc1NDgtdHJ1bXAtc2F5cy1ub3RoaW5ncy1hLWhvYXgtYWJvdXQtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2XSAWhodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL3BvbGljeS9lbmVyZ3ktZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvNDc3NTQ4LXRydW1wLXNheXMtbm90aGluZ3MtYS1ob2F4LWFib3V0LWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Dow Jones Futures: As Stock Market Rally Tests Limits; Don't Buy Apple, Tesla, AMD, Luckin Coffee, Alibaba Now - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLWZ1dHVyZXMtc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LXJhbGx5LXRlc3RzLWxpbWl0cy1kb250LWJ1eS1hcHBsZS10ZXNsYS1hbWQtbHVja2luLWNvZmZlZS1hbGliYWJhL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Australia fires: Why species might go extinct, explained by an ecologist - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vZW5lcmd5LWFuZC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzM3NS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS13aWxkbGlmZS1leHRpbmN0aW9ucy1lY29sb2d50gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvZW5lcmd5LWFuZC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzM3NS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS13aWxkbGlmZS1leHRpbmN0aW9ucy1lY29sb2d5?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Passenger plane crash in Iran kills 176 on board l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cFpPLUxtVTVsRmPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Hanukkah stabbing suspect indicted on hate crimes by federal grand jury - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2hhbnVra2FoLXN0YWJiaW5nLXN1c3BlY3QtaW5kaWN0ZWQtaGF0ZS1jcmltZdIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2hhbnVra2FoLXN0YWJiaW5nLXN1c3BlY3QtaW5kaWN0ZWQtaGF0ZS1jcmltZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

The iPhone 11 is helping Apple do something it hasn’t done in a long time - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lwaG9uZS0xMS1zYWxlcy1jaGluZXNlLWNvbnN1bWVycy1idXlpbmctZnJvbS1hcHBsZS1hZ2Fpbi_SAVlodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pcGhvbmUtMTEtc2FsZXMtY2hpbmVzZS1jb25zdW1lcnMtYnV5aW5nLWZyb20tYXBwbGUtYWdhaW4vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

At a crucial moment, lack of trust in a president can be deadly - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC10cnVzdC1jb2x1bW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtdHJ1c3QtY29sdW1uL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

LG aims to make a profit w/ smartphones by 2021 using ‘wow factor’ in new devices - 9to5Google
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vOXRvNWdvb2dsZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9sZy1tb2JpbGUtcHJvZml0LTIwMjEtc21hcnRwaG9uZXMv0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly85dG81Z29vZ2xlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2xnLW1vYmlsZS1wcm9maXQtMjAyMS1zbWFydHBob25lcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://9to5google.com

76ers' Joel Embiid to Undergo Surgery on Hand Injury, Reevaluated in 1-2 Weeks - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA0MTEtNzZlcnMtam9lbC1lbWJpaWRzLWhhbmQtaW5qdXJ5LWRpYWdub3NlZC1hcy10b3JuLWxpZ2FtZW50LW5vLXJldHVybi10aW1ldGFibGXSAYkBaHR0cHM6Ly9zeW5kaWNhdGlvbi5ibGVhY2hlcnJlcG9ydC5jb20vYW1wLzI4NzA0MTEtNzZlcnMtam9lbC1lbWJpaWRzLWhhbmQtaW5qdXJ5LWRpYWdub3NlZC1hcy10b3JuLWxpZ2FtZW50LW5vLXJldHVybi10aW1ldGFibGUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

Odell Beckham Jr. sends LSU players a gift and a message -- Make it count - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NDMxOC9vZGVsbC1iZWNraGFtLWpyLXNlbmRzLWxzdS1wbGF5ZXJzLWdpZnQtbWVzc2FnZS1tYWtlLWNvdW500gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NDMxOC9vZGVsbC1iZWNraGFtLWpyLXNlbmRzLWxzdS1wbGF5ZXJzLWdpZnQtbWVzc2FnZS1tYWtlLWNvdW50P3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Iran likely downed Ukraine airliner with missiles, Canada's Trudeau says, citing intelligence - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvaXJhbi1saWtlbHktZG93bmVkLXVrcmFpbmUtYWlybGluZXItd2l0aC1taXNzaWxlcy1jYW5hZGFzLXRydWRlYXUtc2F5cy1jaXRpbmctaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgwSTPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Bed Bath & Beyond Stock Is Plummeting. Why Analysts Say the ‘Nightmare’ Isn’t Over. - Barron's
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhcnJvbnMuY29tL2FydGljbGVzL2JlZC1iYXRoLWJleW9uZC1zdG9jay1zaW5rcy0yMC1hZnRlci1uaWdodG1hcmUtZWFybmluZ3MtcmVwb3J0LWhlcmVzLXdoeS01MTU3ODU4OTcyN9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhcnJvbnMuY29tL2FtcC9hcnRpY2xlcy9iZWQtYmF0aC1iZXlvbmQtc3RvY2stc2lua3MtMjAtYWZ0ZXItbmlnaHRtYXJlLWVhcm5pbmdzLXJlcG9ydC1oZXJlcy13aHktNTE1Nzg1ODk3Mjc?oc=5
https://www.barrons.com

Surging Steyer qualifies for Democratic debate - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9tLXN0ZXllci1xdWFsaWZpZXMtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtMDk2OTE10gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9tLXN0ZXllci1xdWFsaWZpZXMtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtMDk2OTE1?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Iran plane crash: Footage appears to show moment Ukrainian jet crashes - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U19paXprZ0lPZlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Mob Psycho 100: Psychic Battle is Now Live on iOS and Android! - Crunchyroll News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNydW5jaHlyb2xsLmNvbS9hbmltZS1uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbW9iLXBzeWNoby0xMDAtcHN5Y2hpYy1iYXR0bGUtaXMtbm93LWxpdmUtb24taW9zLWFuZC1hbmRyb2lk0gEA?oc=5
https://www.crunchyroll.com

Video appears to show Florida teacher forcibly throw student out of class - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy92aWRlby1hcHBlYXJzLXNob3ctZmxvcmlkYS10ZWFjaGVyLWZvcmNpYmx5LXRocm93LXN0dWRlbnQtb3V0LWNsYXNzLW4xMTEzMjk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMyOTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Mac Miller - Good News - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9YUlIRjd1OVd3aXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dabo Swinney bent his own rules to recruit Trevor Lawrence - 247Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vMjQ3c3BvcnRzLmNvbS9BcnRpY2xlL0RhYm8tU3dpbm5leS1iZW50LWhpcy1yZWNydWl0aW5nLXJ1bGVzLXRvLXJlY3J1aXQtVHJldm9yLUxhd3JlbmNlLTE0MTkwMjE5Ny_SAW5odHRwczovLzI0N3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vQXJ0aWNsZS9EYWJvLVN3aW5uZXktYmVudC1oaXMtcmVjcnVpdGluZy1ydWxlcy10by1yZWNydWl0LVRyZXZvci1MYXdyZW5jZS0xNDE5MDIxOTcvQW1wLw?oc=5
https://247sports.com

'Grease' and '77 Sunset Strip' Star Edd Byrnes Dead at 87 - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83Ny1zdW5zZXQtc3RyaXAtZ3JlYXNlLXN0YXItZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1kZWFkLWF0LTg3L9IBUWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83Ny1zdW5zZXQtc3RyaXAtZ3JlYXNlLXN0YXItZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1kZWFkLWF0LTg3Lw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

McCarthy speaks after Pelosi announces vote to limit Trump's War Powers - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9QktmbmEtVElnUTTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fox News Poll: Biden ahead by 21 points among South Carolina Democrats - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2ZveC1uZXdzLXBvbGwtYmlkZW4tYWhlYWQtYnktMjEtcG9pbnRzLWFtb25nLXNvdXRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWRlbW9jcmF0c9IBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2ZveC1uZXdzLXBvbGwtYmlkZW4tYWhlYWQtYnktMjEtcG9pbnRzLWFtb25nLXNvdXRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWRlbW9jcmF0cy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

A Huge Wave is Passing Through the Milky Way Unleashing New Stellar Nurseries - Universe Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVuaXZlcnNldG9kYXkuY29tLzE0NDU1OC9hLWh1Z2Utd2F2ZS1pcy1wYXNzaW5nLXRocm91Z2gtdGhlLW1pbGt5LXdheS11bmxlYXNoaW5nLW5ldy1zdGVsbGFyLW51cnNlcmllcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.universetoday.com

Inside Iran's strategy against the US - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9c0N0Z1JJcEhQN2PSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

American Cancer Society says Trump doesn't get credit for drop in cancer deaths | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjE3LWFtZXJpY2FuLWNhbmNlci1zb2NpZXR5LXNheXMtdHJ1bXAtZG9lc250LWdldC1jcmVkaXQtZm9yLWRyb3AtaW7SAXdodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3NzYxNy1hbWVyaWNhbi1jYW5jZXItc29jaWV0eS1zYXlzLXRydW1wLWRvZXNudC1nZXQtY3JlZGl0LWZvci1kcm9wLWluP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Lebanon Orders Carlos Ghosn to Stay Put - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWxlYmFub24tanVkZ2UuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWxlYmFub24tanVkZ2UuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Trump to rally in Ohio amid heightened tensions with Iran, looming impeachment trial - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVtcC1yYWxseS1vaGlvLWFmdGVyLWlyYW4tY3Jpc2lzLWFoZWFkLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLzI4MzE3NDkwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODMxNzQ5MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Mother Dies Months After Her Daughter, Atatiana Jefferson, Killed in House by Fort Worth Officer - NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNkZncuY29tL25ld3MvbG9jYWwvbW90aGVyLWRpZXMtbW9udGhzLWFmdGVyLWhlci1kYXVnaHRlci1hdGF0aWFuYS1qZWZmZXJzb24ta2lsbGVkLWluLWhvdXNlLWJ5LWZvcnQtd29ydGgtb2ZmaWNlci8yMjg5MzIxL9IBvgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNkZncuY29tL25ld3MvbG9jYWwvbW90aGVyLWRpZXMtbW9udGhzLWFmdGVyLWhlci1kYXVnaHRlci1hdGF0aWFuYS1qZWZmZXJzb24ta2lsbGVkLWluLWhvdXNlLWJ5LWZvcnQtd29ydGgtb2ZmaWNlci8yMjg5MzIxLz9ha21vYmlsZT15JmFrZGV2aWNlPWFuZHJvaWRwaG9uZSZzc2xFbmFibGVkPXRydWUmYW1w?oc=5
https://www.nbcdfw.com

Iran dismisses US calls to negotiate - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Sy1DeUVBeDBEZ1HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics crack down on athlete protests - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg5MTIvc3VtbWVyLW9seW1waWNzLXRva3lvLWJhbi1hdGhsZXRlLXByb3Rlc3Rz0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg5MTIvc3VtbWVyLW9seW1waWNzLXRva3lvLWJhbi1hdGhsZXRlLXByb3Rlc3Rz?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Fact check: Trump falsely accuses Pelosi of defending Soleimani, whom she called 'a terrible person' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1mYWxzZS1hY2N1c2F0aW9uLXBlbG9zaS1zb2xlaW1hbmkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtZmFsc2UtYWNjdXNhdGlvbi1wZWxvc2ktc29sZWltYW5pL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

These Republicans voted yes on the War Powers resolution - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy93YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tcmVwdWJsaWNhbnMteWVzLXZvdGUvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3Mvd2FyLXBvd2Vycy1yZXNvbHV0aW9uLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLXllcy12b3RlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iran calls strike 'start of series attacks' - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NEoyc0FjNTVPTlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Teacher charged after video shows him carrying teen out of classroom - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMvdGVhY2hlci1jaGFyZ2VkLXZpZGVvLXNob3dzLWxpZnRpbmctdGVlbi1jYXJyeWluZy1jbGFzc3Jvb20vc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNzg0MDfSAWtodHRwczovL2FiY25ld3MuZ28uY29tL2FtcC9VUy90ZWFjaGVyLWNoYXJnZWQtdmlkZW8tc2hvd3MtbGlmdGluZy10ZWVuLWNhcnJ5aW5nLWNsYXNzcm9vbS9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE3ODQwNw?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

800,000 years ago a huge meteorite struck Earth. We might have just found its crater - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvODAwMDAwLXllYXJzLWFnby1hLW1hc3NpdmUtbWV0ZW9yaXRlLXNtYXNoZWQtaW50by10aGUtZWFydGgtYW5kLXdlLW1pZ2h0LWhhdmUtanVzdC1mb3VuZC10aGUtY3JhdGVyL9IBiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvODAwMDAwLXllYXJzLWFnby1hLW1hc3NpdmUtbWV0ZW9yaXRlLXNtYXNoZWQtaW50by10aGUtZWFydGgtYW5kLXdlLW1pZ2h0LWhhdmUtanVzdC1mb3VuZC10aGUtY3JhdGVyLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Edd Byrnes, 'Grease' and '77 Sunset Strip' star, dead at 87 - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1ncmVhc2UtNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXN0YXItZGVhZNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1ncmVhc2UtNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXN0YXItZGVhZC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Did This 1 Thing to Prepare to Step Back From Their Royal Duties - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1kaWQtdGhpcy0xLXRoaW5nLXRvLXByZXBhcmUtdG8tc3RlcC1iYWNrLWZyb20tdGhlaXItcm95YWwtZHV0aWVzLmh0bWwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Edd Byrnes Dead: Kookie of '77 Sunset Strip' Was 87 - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzL2VkZC1ieXJuZXMtZGVhZC1rb29raWUtNzctOTM4NTEx0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaG9sbHl3b29kcmVwb3J0ZXIuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2VkZC1ieXJuZXMtZGVhZC1rb29raWUtNzctOTM4NTEx?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Josh McDaniels wanted Browns job in 2019, likely to propose 'realignment' of team leadership, per report - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2pvc2gtbWNkYW5pZWxzLXdhbnRlZC1icm93bnMtam9iLWluLTIwMTktbGlrZWx5LXRvLXByb3Bvc2UtcmVhbGlnbm1lbnQtb2YtdGVhbS1sZWFkZXJzaGlwLXBlci1yZXBvcnQv0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3Mvam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtd2FudGVkLWJyb3ducy1qb2ItaW4tMjAxOS1saWtlbHktdG8tcHJvcG9zZS1yZWFsaWdubWVudC1vZi10ZWFtLWxlYWRlcnNoaXAtcGVyLXJlcG9ydC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Scott Derrickson No Longer Directing Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - MCU Cosmic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vbWN1Y29zbWljLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3Njb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tbm8tbG9uZ2VyLWRpcmVjdGluZy1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1pbi10aGUtbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1vZi1tYWRuZXNzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://mcucosmic.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9zZWlzbWljLWh1bS12b2xjYW5vLXNjbi10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dvcmxkL3NlaXNtaWMtaHVtLXZvbGNhbm8tc2NuLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

‘Doctor Strange 2’ Director Scott Derrickson Drops Out (EXCLUSIVE) - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvZmlsbS9uZXdzL2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLWluLXRoZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW9mLW1hZG5lc3MtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQtbWFydmVsLTEyMDM0NjI1Njkv0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2UtaW4tdGhlLW11bHRpdmVyc2Utb2YtbWFkbmVzcy1kaXJlY3Rvci1zY290dC1kZXJyaWNrc29uLWRyb3BzLW91dC1tYXJ2ZWwtMTIwMzQ2MjU2OS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://variety.com

Jim Caldwell, Kevin O'Connell among candidates for Eagles' offensive coordinator job, per report - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2ppbS1jYWxkd2VsbC1rZXZpbi1vY29ubmVsbC1hbW9uZy1jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWZvci1lYWdsZXMtb2ZmZW5zaXZlLWNvb3JkaW5hdG9yLWpvYi1wZXItcmVwb3J0L9IBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2ppbS1jYWxkd2VsbC1rZXZpbi1vY29ubmVsbC1hbW9uZy1jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWZvci1lYWdsZXMtb2ZmZW5zaXZlLWNvb3JkaW5hdG9yLWpvYi1wZXItcmVwb3J0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Steve Doerschuk: Expect Josh McDaniels to recommend sweeping Browns makeover - Canton Repository
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNhbnRvbnJlcC5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAwMTA5L3N0ZXZlLWRvZXJzY2h1ay1leHBlY3Qtam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtdG8tcmVjb21tZW5kLXN3ZWVwaW5nLWJyb3ducy1tYWtlb3ZlctIBhQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYW50b25yZXAuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwMDEwOS9zdGV2ZS1kb2Vyc2NodWstZXhwZWN0LWpvc2gtbWNkYW5pZWxzLXRvLXJlY29tbWVuZC1zd2VlcGluZy1icm93bnMtbWFrZW92ZXI_dGVtcGxhdGU9YW1wYXJ0?oc=5
https://www.cantonrep.com

Sex tech at CES wants to break down the barriers to pleasure - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V4LXRlY2gtYXQtY2VzLXdhbnRzLXRvLWJyZWFrLWRvd24tdGhlLWJhcnJpZXJzLXRvLXBsZWFzdXJlL9IBYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9zZXgtdGVjaC1hdC1jZXMtd2FudHMtdG8tYnJlYWstZG93bi10aGUtYmFycmllcnMtdG8tcGxlYXN1cmUv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

It's time for an Echo Phone: Alexa needs to be a first-class mobile assistant - Android Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9pdHMtdGltZS1lY2hvLXBob25lLWFsZXhhLW5lZWRzLWJlLWZpcnN0LWNsYXNzLW1vYmlsZS1hc3Npc3RhbnTSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmRyb2lkY2VudHJhbC5jb20vaXRzLXRpbWUtZWNoby1waG9uZS1hbGV4YS1uZWVkcy1iZS1maXJzdC1jbGFzcy1tb2JpbGUtYXNzaXN0YW50P2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.androidcentral.com

'Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' Loses Director Scott Derrickson - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9oZWF0LXZpc2lvbi9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW1hZG5lc3MtbG9zZXMtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi0xMjY4NDY20gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaG9sbHl3b29kcmVwb3J0ZXIuY29tL2FtcC9oZWF0LXZpc2lvbi9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW1hZG5lc3MtbG9zZXMtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi0xMjY4NDY2?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Doctor Strange 2 Loses Director Due To "Creative Differences" - GameSpot
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcG90LmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlcy9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS0yLWxvc2VzLWRpcmVjdG9yLWR1ZS10by1jcmVhdGl2ZS1kaS8xMTAwLTY0NzI2NTQv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ2FtZXNwb3QuY29tL2FtcC1hcnRpY2xlcy9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS0yLWxvc2VzLWRpcmVjdG9yLWR1ZS10by1jcmVhdGl2ZS1kaS8xMTAwLTY0NzI2NTQv?oc=5
https://www.gamespot.com

Trump Rally in Toledo, Ohio, Live Stream: How to Watch President's 2020 Campaign Stop - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS90cnVtcC1yYWxseS10b2xlZG8tb2hpby1saXZlLXN0cmVhbS1ob3ctd2F0Y2gtcHJlc2lkZW50cy0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLXN0b3AtMTQ4MDY3NtIBcmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS90cnVtcC1yYWxseS10b2xlZG8tb2hpby1saXZlLXN0cmVhbS1ob3ctd2F0Y2gtcHJlc2lkZW50cy0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLXN0b3AtMTQ4MDY3Nj9hbXA9MQ?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Galaxy Fold 2 is called Galaxy Bloom, Samsung tells secret CES meeting - SamMobile
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhbW1vYmlsZS5jb20vbmV3cy9nYWxheHktZm9sZC0yLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1zYW1zdW5nLXNlY3JldC1jZXMtbWVldGluZy_SAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYW1tb2JpbGUuY29tL25ld3MvZ2FsYXh5LWZvbGQtMi1nYWxheHktYmxvb20tc2Ftc3VuZy1zZWNyZXQtY2VzLW1lZXRpbmcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.sammobile.com

‘Doctor Strange’ Director Scott Derrickson Exits Sequel - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1leGl0cy1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1zZXF1ZWwtZGlyZWN0b3ItbWFydmVsLTEyMDI4MjY0MjYvYW1wL9IBaWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1leGl0cy1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1zZXF1ZWwtZGlyZWN0b3ItbWFydmVsLTEyMDI4MjY0MjYvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://deadline.com

John Landgraf: FX Has ‘Hit a Ceiling,’ Hulu Will Fortify Brand - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC90di9uZXdzL2pvaG4tbGFuZGdyYWYtZngtaGl0LWNlaWxpbmctdGNhLTIwMjAtMTIwMzQ2MTkyOC_SAVZodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvdHYvbmV3cy9qb2huLWxhbmRncmFmLWZ4LWhpdC1jZWlsaW5nLXRjYS0yMDIwLTEyMDM0NjE5MjgvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

More than a dozen missiles hit two bases in Iraq, Pentagon says - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVfZWFzdC9pcmFuLWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA3Lzg5NmM3MGEyLTMwZDUtMTFlYS05MzEzLTZjYmE4OWIxYjlmYl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVfZWFzdC9pcmFuLWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA3Lzg5NmM3MGEyLTMwZDUtMTFlYS05MzEzLTZjYmE4OWIxYjlmYl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Top Iranian general buried hours after country attacked Iraqi bases housing U.S. troops - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9T2NJY2YxdXRqTmfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Peak TV Hits a New Peak, With 532 Scripted Shows - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvbWVkaWEvdHYtc2hvd3MtMjAyMC5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9tZWRpYS90di1zaG93cy0yMDIwLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Trump headlines campaign rally amid impeachment and Iran crises - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtcmFsbHktb2hpby1pcmFuLWltcGVhY2htZW50LTA5NjY5N9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydW1wLXJhbGx5LW9oaW8taXJhbi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0wOTY2OTc?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Florida security guard charged with threatening to kill Trump in retaliation for Soleimani - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2Zsb3JpZGEtc2VjdXJpdHktZ3VhcmQtY2hhcmdlZC10aHJlYXRlbmluZy10cnVtcC1yZXRhbGlhdGlvbi1zb2xlaW1hbmnSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS91cy9mbG9yaWRhLXNlY3VyaXR5LWd1YXJkLWNoYXJnZWQtdGhyZWF0ZW5pbmctdHJ1bXAtcmV0YWxpYXRpb24tc29sZWltYW5pLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

An Iranian Hacking Campaign, Social Media Surveillance, and More News - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9pcmFuLWhhY2tlcnMtdXMtZWxlY3RyaWMtZ3JpZC1ib3JkZXItc29jaWFsLW1lZGlhLXN1cnZlaWxsYW5jZS_SAV5odHRwczovL3d3dy53aXJlZC5jb20vc3RvcnkvaXJhbi1oYWNrZXJzLXVzLWVsZWN0cmljLWdyaWQtYm9yZGVyLXNvY2lhbC1tZWRpYS1zdXJ2ZWlsbGFuY2UvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

US-Iran tensions: The case against killing Qassem Soleimani - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vd29ybGQvMjAyMC8xLzgvMjEwNTQ3MTYvY2FzZS1hZ2FpbnN0LWtpbGxpbmctcWFzc2VtLXNvbGVpbWFuadIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMS84LzIxMDU0NzE2L2Nhc2UtYWdhaW5zdC1raWxsaW5nLXFhc3NlbS1zb2xlaW1hbmk?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

What it was like on a base in Iraq as Iranian missiles were incoming - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vd2hhdC13YXMtbGlrZS1vbi1pcmFxaS1iYXNlLXdpdGgtaXJhbmlhbi1taXNzaWxlcy1pbmNvbWluZy0yMDIwLTHSAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3doYXQtd2FzLWxpa2Utb24taXJhcWktYmFzZS13aXRoLWlyYW5pYW4tbWlzc2lsZXMtaW5jb21pbmctMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

These Democrats voted no on the War Powers resolution - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy93YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tZGVtb2NyYXRzLW5vLXZvdGVzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL3dhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi1kZW1vY3JhdHMtbm8tdm90ZXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

3 Hours From Alert to Attacks: Inside the Race to Protect U.S. Forces From Iran Strikes - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1zdWxlaW1hbmkuaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1zdWxlaW1hbmkuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

‘I’ve never seen him like that’: Trump defends Iran briefing after GOP Sen. Lee lashes out - Politico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcGVuY2UtbWlrZS1sZWUtaXJhbi1icmllZmluZy0wOTY2NTLSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wZW5jZS1taWtlLWxlZS1pcmFuLWJyaWVmaW5nLTA5NjY1Mg?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

National Security Advisor Defends Briefing On Iran Criticized By Lawmakers - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTUwMDI4MDYvbnNhLWNoaWVmLXJvYmVydC1vYnJpZW4tZGVmZW5kcy1icmllZmluZy1vbi1pcmFuLWNyaXRpY2l6ZWQtYnktbGF3bWFrZXJz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Edd Byrnes, known for "77 Sunset Strip," "Grease," dies at 87 at Santa Monica home, son says - KABC-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiGGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vNTgzMTY0ONIBHGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vYW1wLzU4MzE2NDg?oc=5
https://abc7.com

Live: Trump hosts first 'Keep America Great' rally of 2020 - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Q3FzQy1UT2o1LWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dow Jones Soars 350 Points In 2 Days; Will This Hot Solar Stock Make A New Breakout? - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLXNvYXJzLTM1MC1wb2ludHMtaW4tMi1kYXlzLXdpbGwtdGhpcy1ob3Qtc29sYXItc3RvY2stbWFrZS1hLW5ldy1icmVha291dC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Sanders: 'Can’t think of anything dumber than allowing Congress' to control foreign policy - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2FuZGVycy1mb3gtYW5kLWZyaWVuZC1kdW1iLWNvbmdyZXNzLWNvbnRyb2wtZm9yZWlnbi1wb2xpY3kvNDQyMjIzMjAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjIyMzIwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

GOP's Matt Gaetz comes out in support of Trump war-powers resolution - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vcmVwdWJsaWNhbi1tYXR0LWdhZXR6LXN1cHBvcnRzLXRydW1wLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi0yMDIwLTHSAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3JlcHVibGljYW4tbWF0dC1nYWV0ei1zdXBwb3J0cy10cnVtcC13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Microsoft’s Windows Terminal is getting retro-style CRT effects, search, and more - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTMxNi9taWNyb3NvZnQtd2luZG93cy10ZXJtaW5hbC1jcnQtZWZmZWN0cy1yZXRyby1zZWFyY2gtdGFicy1mZWF0dXJlc9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTkzMTYvbWljcm9zb2Z0LXdpbmRvd3MtdGVybWluYWwtY3J0LWVmZmVjdHMtcmV0cm8tc2VhcmNoLXRhYnMtZmVhdHVyZXM?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Mystery Chinese virus: How worried should we be? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9oZWFsdGgtNTEwNDgzNjbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL2hlYWx0aC01MTA0ODM2Ng?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

California governor Gavin Newsom orders agencies to find land to use for homeless shelters - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1nb3Zlcm5vci1nYXZpbi1uZXdzb20tb3JkZXJzLWFnZW5jaWVzLXRvLWZpbmQtbGFuZC10by11c2UtZm9yLWhvbWVsZXNzLXNoZWx0ZXJzL9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEtZ292ZXJub3ItZ2F2aW4tbmV3c29tLW9yZGVycy1hZ2VuY2llcy10by1maW5kLWxhbmQtdG8tdXNlLWZvci1ob21lbGVzcy1zaGVsdGVycy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Australia fires: The viral false claim of 200 arsonists starting bushfires, explained - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgzMzIvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWFyc29uLWxpZ2h0bmluZy1leHBsYWluZWTSAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODMzMi9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZXMtYXJzb24tbGlnaHRuaW5nLWV4cGxhaW5lZA?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

At CES 2020, Alexa will help you sleep better -- for $5K - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtYW1hem9uLWFsZXhhLWx1eHVyeS1iZWQtd2lsbC1oZWxwLXlvdS1zbGVlcC1iZXR0ZXItZm9yLTUwMDAv0gFqaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2Nlcy0yMDIwLWFtYXpvbi1hbGV4YS1sdXh1cnktYmVkLXdpbGwtaGVscC15b3Utc2xlZXAtYmV0dGVyLWZvci01MDAwLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

The Best Dividend Stocks for 2020 - Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1iZXN0LWRpdmlkZW5kLXN0b2Nrcy1mb3ItMjAyMC5hc3B40gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9vbC5jb20vYW1wL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1iZXN0LWRpdmlkZW5kLXN0b2Nrcy1mb3ItMjAyMC5hc3B4?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

How a clothing store owner found the secret to beating Clemson QB Trevor Lawrence - Durham Herald Sun
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhlcmFsZHN1bi5jb20vc3BvcnRzL2NvbGxlZ2UvYWNjL2FydGljbGUyMzkxMjYzNjguaHRtbNIBQmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmhlcmFsZHN1bi5jb20vc3BvcnRzL2NvbGxlZ2UvYWNjL2FydGljbGUyMzkxMjYzNjguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.heraldsun.com

Dow climbs nearly 200 points on gains in Apple Inc., Goldman Sachs stocks - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9kb3ctY2xpbWJzLW5lYXJseS0yMDAtcG9pbnRzLW9uLWdhaW5zLWluLWFwcGxlLWluYy1nb2xkbWFuLXNhY2hzLXN0b2Nrcy0yMDIwLTAxLTA50gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzJFNEM4NDY2LTc3QzYtNDMyRC1CNkU4LUVGQzI1QTMyQ0JBMA?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Senate Democrats Decide to Shut Up and Let Nancy Pelosi Do Her Thing - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VuYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zdHJhdGVneS1uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2kuaHRtbNIBYmh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VuYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zdHJhdGVneS1uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2kuYW1w?oc=5
https://slate.com

Surveillance video of Epstein cell on night of 1st alleged suicide attempt deleted, 'technical errors' blamed - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2plZmZyZXktZXBzdGVpbi1qYWlsLWNlbGwtc3VydmVpbGxhbmNlLXZpZGVvLXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC10ZWNobmljYWwtZXJyb3Jz0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLWphaWwtY2VsbC1zdXJ2ZWlsbGFuY2UtdmlkZW8tc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Nintendo will charge for new Pokemon Sword and Shield content. Some fans aren't happy - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL3Bva2Vtb24tc3dvcmQtc2hpZWxkLWV4cGFuc2lvbi1jb3N0LXJlYWN0aW9uL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RlY2gvcG9rZW1vbi1zd29yZC1zaGllbGQtZXhwYW5zaW9uLWNvc3QtcmVhY3Rpb24vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant try making themselves the talk of CES 2020 - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvYW1hem9uLWFsZXhhLWFuZC1nb29nbGUtYXNzaXN0YW50LXRyeS1tYWtpbmctdGhlbXNlbHZlcy10YWxrLW9mLWNlcy0yMDIwL9IBbmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9hbWF6b24tYWxleGEtYW5kLWdvb2dsZS1hc3Npc3RhbnQtdHJ5LW1ha2luZy10aGVtc2VsdmVzLXRhbGstb2YtY2VzLTIwMjAv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

McConnell tells GOP senators to expect impeachment trial next week | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU5NS1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtdGVsbHMtZ29wLXNlbmF0b3JzLXRvLWV4cGVjdC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1uZXh0LXdlZWvSAXFodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL3NlbmF0ZS80Nzc1OTUtbWNjb25uZWxsLXRlbGxzLWdvcC1zZW5hdG9ycy10by1leHBlY3QtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtbmV4dC13ZWVrP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Donald Trump warns Iran its 'campaign of terror' is over - The Sun
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U1dQWWZic25XODTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

RSV on rise in Kansas City - KMBC Kansas City
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmttYmMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvcnN2LW9uLXJpc2UtaW4ta2Fuc2FzLWNpdHkvMzA0NjAwOTDSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5rbWJjLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9yc3Ytb24tcmlzZS1pbi1rYW5zYXMtY2l0eS8zMDQ2MDA5MA?oc=5
https://www.kmbc.com

Taco Bell to start offering $100,000 salary jobs - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vZm94OC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90YWNvLWJlbGwtdG8tc3RhcnQtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1qb2JzLXRtdy_SAVNodHRwczovL2ZveDguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy10bXcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://fox8.com

White House unveils plan for major projects to bypass environmental review - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9lbnZpcm9ubWVudC8yMDIwL2phbi8wOS93aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1wcm9qZWN0cy1wZXJtaXRzLWNsaW1hdGUtaW1wYWN0LXBsYW7SAWRodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtcHJvamVjdHMtcGVybWl0cy1jbGltYXRlLWltcGFjdC1wbGFu?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Trump moves to overhaul 'endless' environmental reviews for pipelines and highways - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9uZXhhbWluZXIuY29tL3BvbGljeS9lbmVyZ3kvdHJ1bXAtbW92ZXMtdG8tb3ZlcmhhdWwtZW5kbGVzcy1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXJldmlld3MtZm9yLXBpcGVsaW5lcy1hbmQtaGlnaHdheXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

White House unveils plan to speed big projects permits, sidestepping climate concern - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtdW52ZWlscy1wbGFuLXNwZWVkLWJpZy1wcm9qZWN0cy1wZXJtaXRzLXNpZGVzdGVwcGluZy1jbGltYXRlLW4xMTEyODIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4MjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Across the LOS: 5 questions with an LSU reporter - 247Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vMjQ3c3BvcnRzLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlL2NsZW1zb24vQXJ0aWNsZS9DbGVtc29uLUxTVS1wcmV2aWV3LU5hdGlvbmFsLUNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC0xNDE4OTk5MDIv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly8yNDdzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UvY2xlbXNvbi9BcnRpY2xlL0NsZW1zb24tTFNVLXByZXZpZXctTmF0aW9uYWwtQ2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLTE0MTg5OTkwMi9BbXAv?oc=5
https://247sports.com

Edd “Kookie” Byrnes Dies: ’77 Sunset Strip’ Teen Idol & ‘Grease’ Actor Was 87 - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvZWRkLWtvb2tpZS1ieXJuZXMtb2JpdHVhcnktNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXdhcy04Ny0xMjAyODI2MjY1L9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvZWRkLWtvb2tpZS1ieXJuZXMtb2JpdHVhcnktNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXdhcy04Ny0xMjAyODI2MjY1L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Trump rally in Toledo, Ohio: Watch live stream as President Donald Trump speaks at rally amid U.S.-Iran tensions - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3RydW1wLXJhbGx5LXRvbGVkby10b2RheS0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLWh1bnRpbmd0b24tY2VudGVyLWxpdmUtc3RyZWFtLXVwZGF0ZXMtMjAyMC0wMS0wOS1saXZlLXN0cmVhbS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvdHJ1bXAtcmFsbHktdG9sZWRvLXRvZGF5LTIwMjAtY2FtcGFpZ24taHVudGluZ3Rvbi1jZW50ZXItbGl2ZS1zdHJlYW0tdXBkYXRlcy0yMDIwLTAxLTA5LWxpdmUtc3RyZWFtLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Who is Joe Burrow? 5 things to know about the LSU Tigers quarterback - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9qb2UtYnVycm93LWxzdS10aWdlcnMtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2vSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvam9lLWJ1cnJvdy1sc3UtdGlnZXJzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Edd Byrnes, known for "77 Sunset Strip," "Grease," dies at 87 at Santa Monica home, son says - KABC-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9hY3Rvci1lZGQtYnlybmVzLWtub3duLWZvci03Ny1zdW5zZXQtc3RyaXAtZGllcy1hdC04Ny1mYW1pbHktc2F5cy81ODMxNjQ4L9IBHGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vYW1wLzU4MzE2NDg?oc=5
https://abc7.com

Gauging the Futures Market for Joe Brady, College Football's Hottest Assistant - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWpvZS1icmFkeS1mdXR1cmUtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1uZmzSAVRodHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWpvZS1icmFkeS1mdXR1cmUtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1uZmw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Search teams return to deadly Idaho avalanche site after 'overdue skier' reported missing, police say - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3NlYXJjaC10ZWFtcy1yZXR1cm4tdG8tZGVhZGx5LWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1zaXRlLWFmdGVyLW92ZXJkdWUtc2tpZXItcmVwb3J0ZWQtbWlzc2luZy1wb2xpY2Utc2F50gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3NlYXJjaC10ZWFtcy1yZXR1cm4tdG8tZGVhZGx5LWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1zaXRlLWFmdGVyLW92ZXJkdWUtc2tpZXItcmVwb3J0ZWQtbWlzc2luZy1wb2xpY2Utc2F5LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Odell Beckham Sends Gift To LSU Before Clemson Game - Game7
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vaXRzZ2FtZTcuY29tL29kZWxsLWJlY2toYW0tc2VuZHMtZ2lmdC10by1sc3UtYmVmb3JlLWNsZW1zb24tZ2FtZS_SAU1odHRwczovL2l0c2dhbWU3LmNvbS9vZGVsbC1iZWNraGFtLXNlbmRzLWdpZnQtdG8tbHN1LWJlZm9yZS1jbGVtc29uLWdhbWUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://itsgame7.com

Seth Meyers Tears Into Trump for Blaming Iran Mess on Obama - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3NldGgtbWV5ZXJzLXRlYXJzLWludG8tdHJ1bXAtZm9yLWJsYW1pbmctaXJhbi1tZXNzLW9uLW9iYW1h0gEA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Another skier reported missing in deadly Idaho avalanche - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9hbm90aGVyLXNraWVyLXJlcG9ydGVkLW1pc3NpbmctZGVhZGx5LWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1uMTExMjc0MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEyNzQx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iran releases video of missile attacks on US bases in Iraq - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UUtJdk9lS0hwRkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Third body found after Idaho ski resort avalanche - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9pZGFoby1za2ktcmVzb3J0LWF2YWxhbmNoZS10aGlyZC1ib2R5LWZvdW5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VzL2lkYWhvLXNraS1yZXNvcnQtYXZhbGFuY2hlLXRoaXJkLWJvZHktZm91bmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Listen to Mike Leach's Call to Mississippi State Season Ticket Holders - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS1zZWFzb24tdGlja2V0LWhvbGRlcnMtY2FsbNIBYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS8uYW1wL2NvbGxlZ2UvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWtlLWxlYWNoLW1pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLXNlYXNvbi10aWNrZXQtaG9sZGVycy1jYWxs?oc=5
https://www.si.com

If Clemson beats LSU, the Colley Matrix will have Ohio State at No. 1 - Buckeyes Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vYnVja2V5ZXN3aXJlLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lmLWNsZW1zb24tYmVhdHMtbHN1LXRoZS1jb2xsZXktbWF0cml4LXdpbGwtaGF2ZS1vaGlvLXN0YXRlLWF0LW5vLTEv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly9idWNrZXllc3dpcmUudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaWYtY2xlbXNvbi1iZWF0cy1sc3UtdGhlLWNvbGxleS1tYXRyaXgtd2lsbC1oYXZlLW9oaW8tc3RhdGUtYXQtbm8tMS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://buckeyeswire.usatoday.com

Ellen DeGeneres launches Australia GoFundMe with $5 million goal; other celebs join effort - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2VsbGVuLWRlZ2VuZXJlcy1zdGFydHMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2hmaXJlLXJlbGllZi1nb2Z1bmRtZS80NDI0NzUxMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyNDc1MTAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Australia's Severe Wildfires Were Predicted by the Government Over a Decade Ago - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtd2lsZGZpcmVzLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtZGVjYWRlLWFnby0xNDgxMjc20gFQaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL2F1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1kZWNhZGUtYWdvLTE0ODEyNzY_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Companies are paying big bucks to insure boards against liability as class-action suits soar - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NvbXBhbmllcy1hcmUtcGF5aW5nLWJpZy1idWNrcy10by1pbnN1cmUtYm9hcmRzLWFnYWluc3QtbGlhYmlsaXR5LWFzLWNsYXNzLWFjdGlvbi1zdWl0cy1zb2FyLmh0bWzSAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY29tcGFuaWVzLWFyZS1wYXlpbmctYmlnLWJ1Y2tzLXRvLWluc3VyZS1ib2FyZHMtYWdhaW5zdC1saWFiaWxpdHktYXMtY2xhc3MtYWN0aW9uLXN1aXRzLXNvYXIuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Foldable Samsung Galaxy Bloom leaked in secret CES meeting - TechRadar India
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vbmV3cy9mb2xkYWJsZS1zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1sZWFrZWQtaW4tc2VjcmV0LWNlcy1tZWV0aW5n0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGVjaHJhZGFyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9mb2xkYWJsZS1zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1sZWFrZWQtaW4tc2VjcmV0LWNlcy1tZWV0aW5n?oc=5
https://www.techradar.com

On world stage, Trump loathed as much as Obama loved, Pew survey says - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3Bldy1yZXNlYXJjaC1jZW50ZXItc3VydmV5LWRvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsLWF0dGl0dWRlcy8yODMyNTE1MDAxL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvMjgzMjUxNTAwMQ?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

An Upcoming Impact With the Magellanic Clouds is Already Causing Star Formation in the Milky Way - Universe Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy51bml2ZXJzZXRvZGF5LmNvbS8xNDQ1NTYvYW4tdXBjb21pbmctaW1wYWN0LXdpdGgtdGhlLW1hZ2VsbGFuaWMtY2xvdWRzLWlzLWFscmVhZHktY2F1c2luZy1zdGFyLWZvcm1hdGlvbi1pbi10aGUtbWlsa3ktd2F5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.universetoday.com

NASA's Super-Muscular Mice Return to Earth From Space - Futurism
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3RoZS1ieXRlL25hc2EtbXVzY3VsYXItbWljZS1yZXR1cm4tZWFydGgtc3BhY2XSAT5odHRwczovL2Z1dHVyaXNtLmNvbS9uYXNhLW11c2N1bGFyLW1pY2UtcmV0dXJuLWVhcnRoLXNwYWNlL2FtcA?oc=5
https://futurism.com

Where You Want to Get Cancer - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvd2hlcmUteW91LXdhbnQtdG8tZ2V0LWNhbmNlci0xMTU3ODYxNTI3NNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

An Olympic First: Cardboard Beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - Snopes.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hbi1vbHltcGljLWZpcnN0LWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWZvci10b2t5by1hdGhsZXRlcy12aWxsYWdlL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hbi1vbHltcGljLWZpcnN0LWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWZvci10b2t5by1hdGhsZXRlcy12aWxsYWdlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.snopes.com

Olympic Athletes Will Be Sleeping on These Cardboard Beds at the 2020 Tokyo Games - Highsnobiety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhpZ2hzbm9iaWV0eS5jb20vcC90b2t5by0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzL9IBTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhpZ2hzbm9iaWV0eS5jb20vcC90b2t5by0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLz9mb3JtYXQ9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.highsnobiety.com

Boeing Employees Mocked F.A.A. in Internal Messages - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLTczNy1tZXNzYWdlcy5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1lc3NhZ2VzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

IOC makes it clear: Kneeling, raised fists, other protests not allowed at 2020 Olympics - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFvbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaW9jLW1ha2VzLWl0LWNsZWFyLWF0aGxldGUtcHJvdGVzdHMtbm90LWFsbG93ZWQtYXQtMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy8yMzg5ODAwOS_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

Boeing Employees Mocked FAA In Internal Messages Before 737 Max Disasters - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTUxMjMxNTgvYm9laW5nLWVtcGxveWVlcy1tb2NrZWQtZmFhLWluLWludGVybmFsLW1lc3NhZ2VzLWJlZm9yZS03MzctbWF4LWRpc2FzdGVyc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

An Olympic first: Cardboard beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - Japan Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vamFwYW50b2RheS5jb20vY2F0ZWdvcnkvMjAyMC10b2t5by1vbHltcGljcy9hbi1vbHltcGljLWZpcnN0LWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWZvci10b2t5by1hdGhsZXRlcy12aWxsYWdl0gEA?oc=5
https://japantoday.com

Video Outside Cell During Jeffrey Epstein's First Suicide Attempt 'No Longer Exists' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTUwMDQ4MTEvdmlkZW8tb3V0c2lkZS1jZWxsLWR1cmluZy1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW5zLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC1uby1sb25nZXItZXhpc3TSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

TESS Finds a Planet That Orbits Two Stars - Universe Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVuaXZlcnNldG9kYXkuY29tLzE0NDU1MS90ZXNzLWZpbmRzLWEtcGxhbmV0LXRoYXQtb3JiaXRzLXR3by1zdGFycy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.universetoday.com

Duckworth slams Collins's comments: 'I left parts of my body in Iraq fighting terrorists' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU3OC1kdWNrd29ydGgtc2xhbXMtY29sbGlucy1jb21tZW50cy1pLWxlZnQtcGFydHMtb2YtbXktYm9keS1pbi1pcmFxLWZpZ2h0aW5n0gF4aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9zZW5hdGUvNDc3NTc4LWR1Y2t3b3J0aC1zbGFtcy1jb2xsaW5zLWNvbW1lbnRzLWktbGVmdC1wYXJ0cy1vZi1teS1ib2R5LWluLWlyYXEtZmlnaHRpbmc_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Director Scott Derrickson Has Departed the Doctor Strange Sequel - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vaW85Lmdpem1vZG8uY29tL2RpcmVjdG9yLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24taGFzLWRlcGFydGVkLXRoZS1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW4tMTg0MDkxMzU4NdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vaW85Lmdpem1vZG8uY29tL2RpcmVjdG9yLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24taGFzLWRlcGFydGVkLXRoZS1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW4tMTg0MDkxMzU4NS9hbXA?oc=5
https://io9.gizmodo.com

An Olympic First: Cardboard beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - NBC Montana
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHA6Ly9uYmNtb250YW5hLmNvbS9uZXdzL29mZmJlYXQvYW4tb2x5bXBpYy1maXJzdC1jYXJkYm9hcmQtYmVkcy1mb3ItdG9reW8tYXRobGV0ZXMtdmlsbGFnZdIBAA?oc=5
http://nbcmontana.com

Teen discovers new planet while interning with NASA - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMveW9yay10ZWVuLWRpc2NvdmVycy1wbGFuZXQtaW50ZXJuaW5nLW5hc2Evc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNjk4OTfSAVlodHRwczovL2FiY25ld3MuZ28uY29tL2FtcC9VUy95b3JrLXRlZW4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldC1pbnRlcm5pbmctbmFzYS9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE2OTg5Nw?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

Taco Bell to start offering $100,000 salary jobs - KRON4
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmtyb240LmNvbS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbmFsL3RhY28tYmVsbC10by1zdGFydC1vZmZlcmluZy0xMDAwMDAtc2FsYXJ5LWpvYnMv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cua3JvbjQuY29tL25ld3MvbmF0aW9uYWwvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.kron4.com

Everything Jim Cramer said about the stock market on 'Mad Money,' including momentum rally, Tyson Foods' potential, Bed Bath & Beyond opportunity - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamltLWNyYW1lcnMtbWFkLW1vbmV5LXJlY2FwLXN0b2NrLXBpY2tzLWphbi05LTIwMjAuaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2ppbS1jcmFtZXJzLW1hZC1tb25leS1yZWNhcC1zdG9jay1waWNrcy1qYW4tOS0yMDIwLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Ten potential coaching candidates to replace Mike Leach at Washington State - The Spokesman-Review
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwb2tlc21hbi5jb20vc3Rvcmllcy8yMDIwL2phbi8wOS90ZW4tcG90ZW50aWFsLWNvYWNoaW5nLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtdG8tcmVwbGFjZS1taWtlLS_SAXBodHRwOi8vd3d3LnNwb2tlc21hbi5jb20vc3Rvcmllcy8yMDIwL2phbi8wOS90ZW4tcG90ZW50aWFsLWNvYWNoaW5nLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtdG8tcmVwbGFjZS1taWtlLS8_YW1wLWNvbnRlbnQ9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.spokesman.com

Taiwan election: How Tsai stayed one step ahead - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hc2lhLTUxMDI5Mjgw0gEwaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC93b3JsZC1hc2lhLTUxMDI5Mjgw?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Watch: Teacher arrested for tossing student out of class, into hallway - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dhdGNoLXRlYWNoZXItYXJyZXN0ZWQtZm9yLXRvc3Npbmctc3R1ZGVudC1vdXQtb2YtY2xhc3MtaW50by1oYWxsd2F5L9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dhdGNoLXRlYWNoZXItYXJyZXN0ZWQtZm9yLXRvc3Npbmctc3R1ZGVudC1vdXQtb2YtY2xhc3MtaW50by1oYWxsd2F5L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Gold bulls revert back to the basics - Kitco NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtpdGNvLmNvbS9jb21tZW50YXJpZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9Hb2xkLWJ1bGxzLXJldmVydC1iYWNrLXRvLXRoZS1iYXNpY3MuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.kitco.com

Athletes barred from taking a knee, raising fists at 2020 Olympics - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2F0aGxldGVzLWJhcnJlZC1mcm9tLXRha2luZy1hLWtuZWUtcmFpc2luZy1maXN0cy1hdC0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2F0aGxldGVzLWJhcnJlZC1mcm9tLXRha2luZy1hLWtuZWUtcmFpc2luZy1maXN0cy1hdC0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Pelosi sets vote on measure to limit Trump's war powers, citing 'urgent' concerns on Iran strategy - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi1wZWxvc2ktaG91c2Utdm90ZS1saW1pdC10cnVtcC13YXItcG93ZXJzLzI4NDc3MDkwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODQ3NzA5MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Watch live: Trump speaks at campaign rally in Ohio - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TGoxODRXS3B3WGPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Samsung CEO reveals name of the next foldable, confirms S20 family in secret meeting - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nX2Nlb19yZXZlYWxzX25hbWVfb2ZfdGhlX25leHRfZm9sZGFibGVfY29uZmlybXNfczIwX2ZhbWlseV9pbl9zZWNyZXRfbWVldGluZy1uZXdzLTQwOTY3LnBocNIBeGh0dHBzOi8vbS5nc21hcmVuYS5jb20vc2Ftc3VuZ19jZW9fcmV2ZWFsc19uYW1lX29mX3RoZV9uZXh0X2ZvbGRhYmxlX2NvbmZpcm1zX3MyMF9mYW1pbHlfaW5fc2VjcmV0X21lZXRpbmctYW1wLTQwOTY3LnBocA?oc=5
https://www.gsmarena.com

Oil Struggles to Restart Rally as U.S.-Iran Conflict Cools - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmludmVzdGluZy5jb20vbmV3cy9jb21tb2RpdGllcy1uZXdzL29pbC1zdHJ1Z2dsZXMtdG8tcmVzdGFydC1yYWxseS1hcy11c2lyYW4tY29uZmxpY3QtY29vbHMtMjA1NjIwMdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.investing.com

Report: Jim Caldwell, Kevin O’Connell candidates for Eagles’ OC job - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9yZXBvcnQtamltLWNhbGR3ZWxsLWtldmluLW9jb25uZWxsLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtZm9yLWVhZ2xlcy1vYy1qb2Iv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly9wcm9mb290YmFsbHRhbGsubmJjc3BvcnRzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3JlcG9ydC1qaW0tY2FsZHdlbGwta2V2aW4tb2Nvbm5lbGwtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1mb3ItZWFnbGVzLW9jLWpvYi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Galaxy A51 and A71 hands-on: Samsung's mid-rangers bring great specs inside woeful plastic bodies - Android Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1hNTEtYW5kLWE3MdIBPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1hNTEtYW5kLWE3MT9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.androidcentral.com

Lime pulls its scooters out of 12 markets and lays off staff - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2xpbWUtc2Nvb3Rlci1sYXlvZmZzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RlY2gvbGltZS1zY29vdGVyLWxheW9mZnMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wave of "Stellar Nurseries" May Be Our Galaxy’s Biggest Structure - Futurism
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3RoZS1ieXRlL3dhdmUtc3RlbGxhci1udXJzZXJpZXMtZ2FsYXh5cy1iaWdnZXN0LXN0cnVjdHVyZdIBSWh0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3dhdmUtc3RlbGxhci1udXJzZXJpZXMtZ2FsYXh5cy1iaWdnZXN0LXN0cnVjdHVyZS9hbXA?oc=5
https://futurism.com

Kushner’s Global Role Shrinks as He Tackles Another: The 2020 Election - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvamFyZWQta3VzaG5lci10cnVtcC1jYW1wYWlnbi5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9wb2xpdGljcy9qYXJlZC1rdXNobmVyLXRydW1wLWNhbXBhaWduLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Packers call for 700 volunteers to shovel snow at Lambeau Field at 6 a.m. - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9wYWNrZXJzLWxhbWJlYXUtZmllbGQtc25vdy1zaG92ZWwtZmFucy1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtMDExOTAwODI0Lmh0bWzSAWNodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9wYWNrZXJzLWxhbWJlYXUtZmllbGQtc25vdy1zaG92ZWwtZmFucy1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtMDExOTAwODI0Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Watch Live: Trump Holds "Keep America Great" Campaign Rally In Toledo, Ohio - RealClearPolitics
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJlYWxjbGVhcnBvbGl0aWNzLmNvbS92aWRlby8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dhdGNoX2xpdmVfdHJ1bXBfaG9sZHNfY2FtcGFpZ25fcmFsbHlfaW5fdG9sZWRvX29oaW8uaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.realclearpolitics.com

Watch again: Donald Trump stops short of threatening Iran with further military action - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UVYtVW9xQnhBTXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

J.C. Penney, Macy’s and other department stores don’t have many more seasons left for a turnaround, analyst says - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvamMtcGVubmV5LW1hY3lzLWFuZC1vdGhlci1kZXBhcnRtZW50LXN0b3Jlcy1kb250LWhhdmUtbWFueS1tb3JlLXNlYXNvbnMtbGVmdC1mb3ItYS10dXJuYXJvdW5kLWFuYWx5c3Qtc2F5cy0yMDIwLTAxLTA50gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzMxRUVENTY2LTMzMjUtMTFFQS05NzMzLTYxMDM4NTA5QkFCMg?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

A teacher is charged with battery after video shows him grabbing and carrying a student, police say - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9mbG9yaWRhLWZsYWdsZXItY291bnR5LXRlYWNoZXItYmF0dGVyeS1hcnJlc3QvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvZmxvcmlkYS1mbGFnbGVyLWNvdW50eS10ZWFjaGVyLWJhdHRlcnktYXJyZXN0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Doctor Strange 2 director steps down due to "creative differences" - GamesRadar
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcmFkYXIuY29tL2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLTItbG9zZXMtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi_SAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5nYW1lc3JhZGFyLmNvbS9hbXAvZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2UtMi1sb3Nlcy1kaXJlY3Rvci1zY290dC1kZXJyaWNrc29uLw?oc=5
https://www.gamesradar.com

Odell Beckham Jr. Gifts LSU Beats Headphones Ahead of National Championship - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvb2RlbGwtYmVja2hhbS1qci1sc3UtdGlnZXJzLWJlYXRzLWhlYWRwaG9uZXMtbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlw0gFtaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvY29sbGVnZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL29kZWxsLWJlY2toYW0tanItbHN1LXRpZ2Vycy1iZWF0cy1oZWFkcGhvbmVzLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcA?oc=5
https://www.si.com

No anthem kneeling at the Olympics: IOC announces political protest rules - TheBlaze
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsYXplLmNvbS9uZXdzL25vLWFudGhlbS1rbmVlbGluZy1hdC10aGUtb2x5bXBpY3MtaW9jLWFubm91bmNlcy1wb2xpdGljYWwtcHJvdGVzdC1ydWxlc9IBdWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsYXplLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbm8tYW50aGVtLWtuZWVsaW5nLWF0LXRoZS1vbHltcGljcy1pb2MtYW5ub3VuY2VzLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1wcm90ZXN0LXJ1bGVzL2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.theblaze.com

2020 NFL divisional round playoff odds, picks: Russell Wilson gives Seahawks a huge advantage over Packers - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGxheW9mZi1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2lsc29uLWdpdmVzLXNlYWhhd2tzLWEtaHVnZS1hZHZhbnRhZ2Utb3Zlci1wYWNrZXJzL9IBkAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGxheW9mZi1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2lsc29uLWdpdmVzLXNlYWhhd2tzLWEtaHVnZS1hZHZhbnRhZ2Utb3Zlci1wYWNrZXJzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

'A lot of good news coming out of this Administration': Trump says of lower cancer deaths - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtYXBwZWFycy10YWtlLWNyZWRpdC1sb3dlci1jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZXMvNDQyNzAzNTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjcwMzUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Baghdad locals unimpressed by US and Iran's tit-for-tat fight on Iraqi soil: 'We are students of war' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tbWlzc2lsZS1zdHJpa2Utb24tdXMtdGFyZ2V0cy1pcmFxaS1yZWFjdGlvbi1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L21pZGRsZWVhc3QvaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZS1vbi11cy10YXJnZXRzLWlyYXFpLXJlYWN0aW9uLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Sen. James Risch: Intel briefing on Iran threat was 'absolutely' convincing - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3Nlbi1qYW1lcy1yaXNjaC1pbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UtYnJpZWZpbmctbWlrZS1sZWUtaXJhbi1hYnNvbHV0ZWx5LWNvbnZpbmNpbmctdGhyZWF00gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvc2VuLWphbWVzLXJpc2NoLWludGVsbGlnZW5jZS1icmllZmluZy1taWtlLWxlZS1pcmFuLWFic29sdXRlbHktY29udmluY2luZy10aHJlYXQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Athletes Will Sleep on Cardboard Bed Frames at 2020 Tokyo Olympics - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9vbHltcGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L29seW1waWNzLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWF0aGxldGVzLXRva3lv0gFSaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvb2x5bXBpY3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vbHltcGljcy1jYXJkYm9hcmQtYmVkcy1hdGhsZXRlcy10b2t5bw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Trump mocks Democrats' push for notice before further military action on Iran - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3doaXRlLWhvdXNlL3RydW1wLW1vY2tzLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1wdXNoLW5vdGljZS1mdXJ0aGVyLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWFjdGlvbi1pcmFuLW4xMTEzMzMx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMzMzE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Our Guide To The NFL’s Divisional Round - FiveThirtyEight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vZml2ZXRoaXJ0eWVpZ2h0LmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy9vdXItZ3VpZGUtdG8tdGhlLW5mbHMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC_SAVBodHRwczovL2ZpdmV0aGlydHllaWdodC5jb20vZmVhdHVyZXMvb3VyLWd1aWRlLXRvLXRoZS1uZmxzLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://fivethirtyeight.com

Oil eases as focus shifts from Iran tensions to U.S. crude build - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtZ2xvYmFsLW9pbC9vaWwtc3RlYWRpZXMtYS1kYXktYWZ0ZXItaXJhbmlhbi1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZS1rbm9ja3MtcHJpY2VzLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgwQ1bSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MENW?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Trump stays publicly silent on Puerto Rican earthquakes but has signed emergency declaration - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wolf Moon 2020: January’s full moon, eclipse visible this week - syracuse.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnN5cmFjdXNlLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvd29sZi1tb29uLTIwMjAtamFudWFyeXMtZnVsbC1tb29uLWVjbGlwc2UtdmlzaWJsZS10aGlzLXdlZWsuaHRtbNIBeGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnN5cmFjdXNlLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvd29sZi1tb29uLTIwMjAtamFudWFyeXMtZnVsbC1tb29uLWVjbGlwc2UtdmlzaWJsZS10aGlzLXdlZWsuaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.syracuse.com

Child dies of the flu in Chicago, marking state’s first pediatric influenza death this season - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzL2N0LWNoaWNhZ28tZmx1LWRlYXRoLWlsbGlub2lzLTIwMjAwMTA5LTV3eHhqbng2Z3ZoNDdheTJuYWptc3NqcXJ1LXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

Feldman: The last guy to beat Trevor Lawrence, and his unique connection to Monday night - The Athletic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3RoZWF0aGxldGljLmNvbS8xNTIwMzM4LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZmVsZG1hbi10aGUtbGFzdC1ndXktdG8tYmVhdC10cmV2b3ItbGF3cmVuY2UtYW5kLWhpcy11bmlxdWUtY29ubmVjdGlvbi10by1tb25kYXktbmlnaHQv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlYXRobGV0aWMuY29tLzE1MjAzMzgvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9mZWxkbWFuLXRoZS1sYXN0LWd1eS10by1iZWF0LXRyZXZvci1sYXdyZW5jZS1hbmQtaGlzLXVuaXF1ZS1jb25uZWN0aW9uLXRvLW1vbmRheS1uaWdodC8_YW1w?oc=5
https://theathletic.com

Athletes Barred from Taking a Knee, Raising Fists at 2020 Olympics - Breitbart
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJyZWl0YmFydC5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXRobGV0ZXMtYmFycmVkLWZyb20tdGFraW5nLWEta25lZS1yYWlzaW5nLWZpc3RzLWF0LTIwMjAtb2x5bXBpY3Mv0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYnJlaXRiYXJ0LmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdGhsZXRlcy1iYXJyZWQtZnJvbS10YWtpbmctYS1rbmVlLXJhaXNpbmctZmlzdHMtYXQtMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.breitbart.com

Source: Federal authorities ask Speaker Michael Madigan confidant to cooperate in probe - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGljYWdvdHJpYnVuZS5jb20vaW52ZXN0aWdhdGlvbnMvY3QtbWlrZS1tYWRpZ2FuLW1jbGFpbi1mZWRlcmFsLWludmVzdGlnYXRpb24tY29vcGVyYXRpb24tMjAyMDAxMDktb2JneWxkYzdjcmZ4eGJ2aWloaTdoeTNuNWEtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

US firefighters welcomed at Australian airport with round of applause - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UHZoZXNDLXdVczDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Airlines offer fare caps amid worry about Puerto Rico flight prices in wake of earthquakes - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvdHJhdmVsL2FpcmxpbmUtbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3B1ZXJ0by1yaWNvLWVhcnRocXVha2VzLWFtZXJpY2FuLWFpcmxpbmVzLWpldGJsdWUtY2FwLWZhcmVzLzQ0MjA2MTcwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDIwNjE3MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Trump holds a campaign rally in Ohio – watch live - Guardian News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ZFMtU1c4Q3FGdU3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trevor Lawrence doesn't like losing: "It sucks" - TigerNet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpZ2VybmV0LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9UcmV2b3ItTGF3cmVuY2UtZG9lc250LWxpa2UtbG9zaW5nLUl0LXN1Y2tzLTE4NDgw0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGlnZXJuZXQuY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9UcmV2b3ItTGF3cmVuY2UtZG9lc250LWxpa2UtbG9zaW5nLUl0LXN1Y2tzLTE4NDgw?oc=5
https://www.tigernet.com

Aaron Jones is refreshed and ready to roll - Packers.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBhY2tlcnMuY29tL25ld3MvYWFyb24tam9uZXMtaXMtcmVmcmVzaGVkLWFuZC1yZWFkeS10by1yb2xs0gEA?oc=5
https://www.packers.com

Boris Johnson's Brexit bill passes in historic vote clearing the way for Britain's exit from the EU - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbi1icmV4aXQtYmlsbC1wYXNzZXMtY29tbW9ucy12b3RlLW1wcy1ldS1leGl0LTIwMjAtMdIBYGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbi1icmV4aXQtYmlsbC1wYXNzZXMtY29tbW9ucy12b3RlLW1wcy1ldS1leGl0LTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

An Olympic First: Cardboard beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS8yMjZiNDMyMzYyZTYwNTZkMGQwODA3YWZhNzZmOTQzM9IBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

Taiwan's presidential hopefuls turn to YouTube and Facebook as elections draw closer - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFpd2FuLWVsZWN0aW9ucy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1yYW1wLXVwLXNvY2lhbC1tZWRpYS1jYW1wYWlnbi5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFpd2FuLWVsZWN0aW9ucy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1yYW1wLXVwLXNvY2lhbC1tZWRpYS1jYW1wYWlnbi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Video: Athletes to Sleep on Beds with Cardboard Frames at 2020 Tokyo Olympics - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA0ODEtdmlkZW8tYXRobGV0ZXMtdG8tc2xlZXAtb24tYmVkcy13aXRoLWNhcmRib2FyZC1mcmFtZXMtYXQtMjAyMC10b2t5by1vbHltcGljc9IBiAFodHRwczovL3N5bmRpY2F0aW9uLmJsZWFjaGVycmVwb3J0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg3MDQ4MS12aWRlby1hdGhsZXRlcy10by1zbGVlcC1vbi1iZWRzLXdpdGgtY2FyZGJvYXJkLWZyYW1lcy1hdC0yMDIwLXRva3lvLW9seW1waWNzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

International Olympic Committee tells athletes they cannot take a knee in protest but they can make comments on social media - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vZWRpdGlvbi5jbm4uY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3BvcnQvb2x5bXBpY3Mtbm8ta25lZWxpbmctcG9kaXVtLXNwdC1pbnRsLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3BvcnQvb2x5bXBpY3Mtbm8ta25lZWxpbmctcG9kaXVtLXNwdC1pbnRsLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://edition.cnn.com

Trump says Soleimani plotted to blow up US embassy - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktdXMtZW1iYXNzeS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktdXMtZW1iYXNzeS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Sen. Rand Paul: Most members of Senate 'don't care about the Constitution' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3JhbmQtcGF1bC1pcmFuLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtc2VuYXRl0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvcmFuZC1wYXVsLWlyYW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1zZW5hdGUuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump slams Democrats for criticism over strike on Iranian general | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjQwLXRydW1wLXNsYW1zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1mb3ItY3JpdGljaXNtLW92ZXItc3RyaWtlLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbNIBeWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjQwLXRydW1wLXNsYW1zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1mb3ItY3JpdGljaXNtLW92ZXItc3RyaWtlLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

With Iran war powers resolution, Kaine finds new way to push his signature issue - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

PREVIEW: What to expect from the December jobs report - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0LWxhYm9yLWRlcGFydG1lbnQtMjE1NjE0MjgzLmh0bWzSAWBodHRwczovL2ZpbmFuY2UueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvbmV3cy9kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0LWxhYm9yLWRlcGFydG1lbnQtMjE1NjE0MjgzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

RELIVE - Opening Ceremony | Lausanne 2020 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TzVNY1ZVV29HeEnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Video from Epstein’s first apparent suicide attempt lost due to ‘technical errors,’ prosecutors say - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8tZXBzdGVpbnMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LWxvc3QtZHVlLXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtc2F5L9IBmAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8tZXBzdGVpbnMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LWxvc3QtZHVlLXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtc2F5Lz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Australians urged to flee as huge wildfires revitalize - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhbnMtdXJnZWQtZmxlZS1odWdlLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1yZXZpdGFsaXplLW4xMTEzMzM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMzMzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Edd Byrnes, of '77 Sunset Strip' and 'Grease' fame, dies at 87 - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2VkZC1ieXJuZXMtNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLWFuZC1ncmVhc2UtZmFtZS1kaWVzLTg3LzQ0MjY2NTcwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDI2NjU3MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Trump’s Contempt for Democracy Has Reached New Depths - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvdHJ1bXAtY29uZ3Jlc3Mtd2FyLXBvd2Vycy1pcmFuLmh0bWzSAU5odHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL3RydW1wLWNvbmdyZXNzLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtaXJhbi5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stun royal family and the world - Today.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvZGF5LmNvbS92aWRlby9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktYW5kLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtc3R1bi1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHktYW5kLXRoZS13b3JsZC03NjM0Mjg1MzY3NNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.today.com

'This is our time': Watch LSU football's national championship hype video, narrated by Anthony Mackie - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfZWU4Y2YxNjQtMzM0Yi0xMWVhLTgyMzUtNzM1ZTFmNmRhMzhiLmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVhZHZvY2F0ZS5jb20vYmF0b25fcm91Z2Uvc3BvcnRzL2xzdS9hcnRpY2xlX2VlOGNmMTY0LTMzNGItMTFlYS04MjM1LTczNWUxZjZkYTM4Yi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

In Photos: SpaceX Launches Third Batch of 60 Starlink Satellites to Orbit - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9zcGFjZXgtc3RhcmxpbmstMi1sYXVuY2gtcGhvdG9zLmh0bWzSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5zcGFjZS5jb20vYW1wL3NwYWNleC1zdGFybGluay0yLWxhdW5jaC1waG90b3MuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.space.com

IOC lay down law over Olympic protests by athletes in Tokyo - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zcG9ydC8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9pb2MtbGF5LWRvd24tbGF3LW92ZXItb2x5bXBpYy1wcm90ZXN0cy1ieS1hdGhsZXRlcy1pbi10b2t5b9IBaWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zcG9ydC8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9pb2MtbGF5LWRvd24tbGF3LW92ZXItb2x5bXBpYy1wcm90ZXN0cy1ieS1hdGhsZXRlcy1pbi10b2t5bw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Gwen Berry, U.S. Olympian who raised fist, on IOC's protest policy: 'We shouldn't be silenced. It's a form of control' - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9pb2MtcHJvdGVzdC1wb2xpY3ktZ3dlbi1iZXJyeS1hdGhsZXRlcy11c29jLTAzNTgzOTA0MC5odG1s0gFbaHR0cHM6Ly9zcG9ydHMueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvaW9jLXByb3Rlc3QtcG9saWN5LWd3ZW4tYmVycnktYXRobGV0ZXMtdXNvYy0wMzU4MzkwNDAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Child in Roosevelt County becomes first to die from flu in NM this season - KOB
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtvYi5jb20vbmV3LW1leGljby1uZXdzL2NoaWxkLWluLXJvb3NldmVsdC1jb3VudHktYmVjb21lcy1maXJzdC10by1kaWUtZnJvbS1mbHUtaW4tbm0tdGhpcy1zZWFzb24vNTYwMzY0Mi_SAXNodHRwczovL2FtcC5rb2IuY29tL2FydGljbGVzL2NoaWxkLWluLXJvb3NldmVsdC1jb3VudHktYmVjb21lcy1maXJzdC10by1kaWUtZnJvbS1mbHUtaW4tbm0tdGhpcy1zZWFzb24tNTYwMzY0Mi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.kob.com

'The Five' reacts to Prince Harry's 'Megxit' from royal duties: 'She's a palace-wrecker' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3RoZS1maXZlLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LXJveWFsLWZhbWlsedIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3RoZS1maXZlLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LXJveWFsLWZhbWlseS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Royal family not happy with Prince Harry and Meghan's announcement to "step back" - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL3ZpZGVvL3JveWFsLWZhbWlseS1ub3QtaGFwcHktd2l0aC1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktYW5kLW1lZ2hhbnMtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LXRvLXN0ZXAtYmFjay_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Top Olympic Committee Issues Ban On Political Gestures During 2020 Games - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5odWZmcG9zdC5jb20vZW50cnkvdG9wLW9seW1waWMtY29tbWl0dGVlLWlzc3Vlcy1iYW4tb24tcG9saXRpY2FsLWdlc3R1cmVzLWR1cmluZy0yMDIwLWdhbWVzX25fNWUxN2MwM2NjNWI2NTBjNjIxZGJkMGU40gE_aHR0cHM6Ly9tLmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS91cy9lbnRyeS91c181ZTE3YzAzY2M1YjY1MGM2MjFkYmQwZTgvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Watch Selena Gomez Deliver Her Most Inspiring Message to Fans - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTExMDI0OS93YXRjaC1zZWxlbmEtZ29tZXotaG9sZC1iYWNrLXRlYXJzLXdoaWxlLWRlbGl2ZXJpbmctaW5zcGlyaW5nLW1lc3NhZ2UtdG8tZmFuc9IBdGh0dHBzOi8vbS5lb25saW5lLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8xMTEwMjQ5L3dhdGNoLXNlbGVuYS1nb21lei1ob2xkLWJhY2stdGVhcnMtd2hpbGUtZGVsaXZlcmluZy1pbnNwaXJpbmctbWVzc2FnZS10by1mYW5z?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

5 highlights from Donald Trump's televised address on the Iranian missile attacks - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi10YWtlYXdheXMtdHJ1bXAtYWRkcmVzcy1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZXMtbWlsaXRhcnktYmFzZXMvMjg0NjQ1MDAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NDY0NTAwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Meghan Markle’s half-sister Samantha blasts Megxit as 'slap in the face' - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlcy1oYWxmLXNpc3Rlci1zYW1hbnRoYS1ibGFzdHMtbWVneGl0LWFzLXNsYXAtaW4tdGhlLWZhY2Uv0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9wYWdlc2l4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGVzLWhhbGYtc2lzdGVyLXNhbWFudGhhLWJsYXN0cy1tZWd4aXQtYXMtc2xhcC1pbi10aGUtZmFjZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Best of the CES Show Floor: Samsung's Ballie, HomeKit Shower Heads, Brydge Keyboards, Concept Phones, and More - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jZXMtMjAyMC1zaG93LWZsb29yL9IBPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jZXMtMjAyMC1zaG93LWZsb29yL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

In ten years, the number of scripted shows on American TV has more than doubled - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWRpYS9zY3JpcHRlZC10ZWxldmlzaW9uLXNlcmllcy10Y2EtcmVsaWFibGUtc291cmNlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWRpYS9zY3JpcHRlZC10ZWxldmlzaW9uLXNlcmllcy10Y2EtcmVsaWFibGUtc291cmNlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pennsylvania helicopter crash: At least 2 dead after helicopter plummets into Silver Spring Township neighborhood - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3Blbm5zeWx2YW5pYS1oZWxpY29wdGVyLWNyYXNoLWF0LWxlYXN0LTItZGVhZC1zaWx2ZXItc3ByaW5nLXRvd25zaGlwLW5laWdoYm9yaG9vZC10b2RheS0yMDE5LTAxLTA5L9IBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9wZW5uc3lsdmFuaWEtaGVsaWNvcHRlci1jcmFzaC1hdC1sZWFzdC0yLWRlYWQtc2lsdmVyLXNwcmluZy10b3duc2hpcC1uZWlnaGJvcmhvb2QtdG9kYXktMjAxOS0wMS0wOS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Penumbral Lunar Eclipse Occurs Friday: Here's What to Expect - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9wZW51bWJyYWwtbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMC1ndWlkZS5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc3BhY2UuY29tL2FtcC9wZW51bWJyYWwtbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMC1ndWlkZS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Iran missile attack in Iraq was act of revenge and effort to deescalate - The - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlX2Vhc3QvaXJhbi10b29rLXJldmVuZ2Utbm8tb25lLWRpZWQtYW5kLXRoZS1yaXNrLW9mLXdhci1hYmF0ZXMtZm9yLW5vdy8yMDIwLzAxLzA4LzZkOTFmMDQ4LTMyMjctMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Oprah Winfrey advised Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Megxit - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vcHJhaC13aW5mcmV5LWFkdmlzZWQtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWFuZC1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLW9uLW1lZ3hpdC_SAWJodHRwczovL3BhZ2VzaXguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1hZHZpc2VkLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1vbi1tZWd4aXQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Selena Gomez - Rare (Official Lyrics) - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SFFFSEs3VmphUUXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump seeks to make case for strike on Iranian general in address to Ohio supporters | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjQ1LXRydW1wLXNlZWtzLXRvLW1ha2UtY2FzZS1mb3Itc3RyaWtlLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbC1pbi1hZGRyZXNzLXRv0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbi80Nzc2NDUtdHJ1bXAtc2Vla3MtdG8tbWFrZS1jYXNlLWZvci1zdHJpa2Utb24taXJhbmlhbi1nZW5lcmFsLWluLWFkZHJlc3MtdG8_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Internal Boeing documents show employees discussing efforts to manipulate regulators scrutinizing the 737 Max - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Iranian commander vows "harsher revenge" against the United States - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TGhjalQtSllKUmvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Selena Gomez just released her first great pop album - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy9tdXNpYy9zdG9yeS8yMDIwLTAxLTA5L3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1yYXJlLW5ldy1hbGJ1bS1yZXZpZXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Mike Pompeo: Iran terror general Soleimani was planning 'imminent attacks' when he was killed - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcG9tcGVvLW1vbmV5LXJlbGVhc2VkLWJ5LW9iYW1hLWFkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLXdlbnQtdG8tcGVvcGxlLXdoby13YW50ZWQtdG8tZG8tYW1lcmljYW5zLWhhcm3SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvbWlrZS1wb21wZW8tbW9uZXktcmVsZWFzZWQtYnktb2JhbWEtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24td2VudC10by1wZW9wbGUtd2hvLXdhbnRlZC10by1kby1hbWVyaWNhbnMtaGFybS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Restoring an earthquake-hit power plant in Puerto Rico could take a year - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbGF0aW5vL3Jlc3RvcmluZy1lYXJ0aHF1YWtlLWhpdC1wb3dlci1wbGFudC1wdWVydG8tcmljby1jb3VsZC10YWtlLXllYXItbjExMTMxODbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMzE4Ng?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Trump Claims Credit For Drop In Cancer Deaths. No Way, Says American Cancer Society. - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS9lbnRyeS9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtZGVhdGgtcmF0ZS1hbWVyaWNhbi1jYW5jZXItc29jaWV0eV9uXzVlMTdkNzM0YzViNjUwYzYyMWRiZWI5YtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Selena Gomez and Kid Cudi Share New Song: Listen - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1hbmQta2lkLWN1ZGktc2hhcmUtbmV3LXNvbmctbGlzdGVuL9IBT2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1hbmQta2lkLWN1ZGktc2hhcmUtbmV3LXNvbmctbGlzdGVuL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

Brad Pitt credits Bradley Cooper with helping him get sober - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1jcmVkaXRzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWhlbHBpbmctaGltLWdldC1zb2Jlci0xNzQxMjUyNzMuaHRtbNIBcWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYnJhZC1waXR0LWNyZWRpdHMtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItaGVscGluZy1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyLTE3NDEyNTI3My5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

2020 Olympics: International Olympic Committee bans political protests by athletes at 2020 Tokyo games - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy1pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsLW9seW1waWMtY29tbWl0dGVlLWJhbnMtcG9saXRpY2FsLXByb3Rlc3RzLWF0aGxldGVzLXRva3lvLWdhbWVzL9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtb2x5bXBpY3MtaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC1vbHltcGljLWNvbW1pdHRlZS1iYW5zLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1wcm90ZXN0cy1hdGhsZXRlcy10b2t5by1nYW1lcy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Brad Pitt thanks Bradley Cooper for helping him get sober - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9icmFkLXBpdHQtdGhhbmtzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWZvci1oZWxwaW5nLWhpbS1nZXQtc29iZXIv0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9wYWdlc2l4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC10aGFua3MtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItZm9yLWhlbHBpbmctaGltLWdldC1zb2Jlci9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Newlyweds died together in the plane crash in Iran a week after their wedding - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hbWVyaWNhcy9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXZpY3RpbXMtbmV3bHl3ZWRzLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYW1lcmljYXMvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC12aWN0aW1zLW5ld2x5d2Vkcy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

George Conway group releases first anti-Trump ad aimed at evangelicals | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NDkyLWdlb3JnZS1jb253YXktZ3JvdXAtcmVsZWFzZXMtZmlyc3QtYW50aS10cnVtcC1hZC1haW1lZC1hdC1ldmFuZ2VsaWNhbHPSAXdodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2NhbXBhaWduLzQ3NzQ5Mi1nZW9yZ2UtY29ud2F5LWdyb3VwLXJlbGVhc2VzLWZpcnN0LWFudGktdHJ1bXAtYWQtYWltZWQtYXQtZXZhbmdlbGljYWxzP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Two dead after helicopter crashed in backyard of Pennsylvania home - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9oZWxpY29wdGVyLWNyYXNoLXBlbm5zeWx2YW5pYS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9oZWxpY29wdGVyLWNyYXNoLXBlbm5zeWx2YW5pYS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Olympics 2020: IOC bans political protests such as Colin Kaepernick’s kneeling, Tommie Smith’s raised fist - NJ.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uai5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvb2x5bXBpY3MtMjAyMC1pb2MtYW5ub3VuY2VzLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1wcm90ZXN0cy1zdWNoLWFzLWtuZWVsaW5nLXJhaXNlZC1maXN0cy13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1hbGxvd2VkLmh0bWzSAZYBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmouY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwLzAxL29seW1waWNzLTIwMjAtaW9jLWFubm91bmNlcy1wb2xpdGljYWwtcHJvdGVzdHMtc3VjaC1hcy1rbmVlbGluZy1yYWlzZWQtZmlzdHMtd2lsbC1ub3QtYmUtYWxsb3dlZC5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.nj.com

2020 NFL Playoff Bracket Projection: Vikings stun 49ers before falling to Chiefs in Super Bowl LIV - CBSSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtYnJhY2tldC1wcm9qZWN0aW9uLXZpa2luZ3Mtc3R1bi00OWVycy1iZWZvcmUtZmFsbGluZy10by1jaGllZnMtaW4tc3VwZXItYm93bC1saXYv0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvMjAyMC1uZmwtcGxheW9mZi1icmFja2V0LXByb2plY3Rpb24tdmlraW5ncy1zdHVuLTQ5ZXJzLWJlZm9yZS1mYWxsaW5nLXRvLWNoaWVmcy1pbi1zdXBlci1ib3dsLWxpdi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Trump, at Ohio rally, says Democrats would have leaked Soleimani attack plans - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLXRvbGVkby1vaGlvLXJhbGx5LWlyYW4taW1wZWFjaG1lbnTSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC10b2xlZG8tb2hpby1yYWxseS1pcmFuLWltcGVhY2htZW50LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

U.S. military eyes adjustments after Iran surprises with attack in Iraq: official - Reuters.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYXEtc2VjdXJpdHktdXNhLW1pbGl0YXJ5L3VzLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWV5ZXMtYWRqdXN0bWVudHMtYWZ0ZXItaXJhbi1zdXJwcmlzZXMtd2l0aC1hdHRhY2staW4taXJhcS1vZmZpY2lhbC1pZFVTS0JOMVo4Mk1a0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaODJNWg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Watch live: Trump holds rally in Ohio | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vdmlkZW8vY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NjM0LXdhdGNoLWxpdmUtdHJ1bXAtaG9sZHMtbWFnYS1yYWxseS1pbi1vaGlv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS92aWRlby9jYW1wYWlnbi80Nzc2MzQtd2F0Y2gtbGl2ZS10cnVtcC1ob2xkcy1tYWdhLXJhbGx5LWluLW9oaW8_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Tokyo 2020 athletes will sleep on beds made from cardboard - Mashable
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vbWFzaGFibGUuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdG9reW8tMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy1jYXJkYm9hcmQtYmVkcy_SAUNodHRwczovL21hc2hhYmxlLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3Rva3lvLTIwMjAtb2x5bXBpY3MtY2FyZGJvYXJkLWJlZHMuYW1w?oc=5
https://mashable.com

Kirk Herbstreit apologizes to OSU fans about tweets following loss to Clemson - TigerNet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpZ2VybmV0LmNvbS91cGRhdGUvS2lyay1IZXJic3RyZWl0LWFwb2xvZ2l6ZXMtdG8tT1NVLWZhbnMtYWJvdXQtdHdlZXRzLWZvbGxvd2luZy1sb3NzLXRvLUNsZW1zb24tMzQ3NDLSAXdodHRwczovL3d3dy50aWdlcm5ldC5jb20vYW1wL3VwZGF0ZS9LaXJrLUhlcmJzdHJlaXQtYXBvbG9naXplcy10by1PU1UtZmFucy1hYm91dC10d2VldHMtZm9sbG93aW5nLWxvc3MtdG8tQ2xlbXNvbi0zNDc0Mg?oc=5
https://www.tigernet.com

Shutting down Donald Trump and dating women – why Kristen Stewart is an LGBTQ+ icon - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNjbXAuY29tL21hZ2F6aW5lcy9zdHlsZS9jZWxlYnJpdHkvYXJ0aWNsZS8zMDQ1Mzk1L2hvdy1kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtaGVscGVkLW1ha2Uta3Jpc3Rlbi1zdGV3YXJ0LWxnYnRxLWljb27SAXZodHRwczovL2FtcC5zY21wLmNvbS9tYWdhemluZXMvc3R5bGUvY2VsZWJyaXR5L2FydGljbGUvMzA0NTM5NS9ob3ctZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLWhlbHBlZC1tYWtlLWtyaXN0ZW4tc3Rld2FydC1sZ2J0cS1pY29u?oc=5
https://www.scmp.com

U.S. job growth seen slowing in December after robust gains - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXkvdS1zLWpvYi1ncm93dGgtc2Vlbi1zbG93aW5nLWluLWRlY2VtYmVyLWFmdGVyLXJvYnVzdC1nYWlucy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MEU20gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBFNg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

'Underwater' Review: Kristen Stewart Sinks Along With Everyone Else In This Blatant 'Alien' Pretender - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tL3ZpZGVvL3VuZGVyd2F0ZXItcmV2aWV3LWtyaXN0ZW4tc3Rld2FydC1kaXNuZXktZm94LXQtai1taWxsZXItdmluY2VudC1jYXNzZWwv0gEA?oc=5
https://deadline.com

The Olympics’ new outright ban on kneeling or protesting, explained - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODMyNy9vbHltcGljcy0yMDIwLXByb3Rlc3QtYmFuLWd1aWRlbGluZXMtcnVsZXMtZXhwbGFpbmVkLWlvY9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgzMjcvb2x5bXBpY3MtMjAyMC1wcm90ZXN0LWJhbi1ndWlkZWxpbmVzLXJ1bGVzLWV4cGxhaW5lZC1pb2M?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

On kangaroo killing field, from horror to hope for Australian animals devastated by wildfires - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWFuaW1hbHMtbWFsbGFjb290YS1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWFuaW1hbHMtbWFsbGFjb290YS1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The derivative Alien gloss Underwater comes close to the platonic ideal of a January release - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vZmlsbS5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3RoZS1kZXJpdmF0aXZlLWFsaWVuLWdsb3NzLXVuZGVyd2F0ZXItY29tZXMtY2xvc2UtdG8tdGgtMTg0MDg5MDA5MdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vZmlsbS5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3RoZS1kZXJpdmF0aXZlLWFsaWVuLWdsb3NzLXVuZGVyd2F0ZXItY29tZXMtY2xvc2UtdG8tdGgtMTg0MDg5MDA5MS9hbXA?oc=5
https://film.avclub.com

Trump says US will hit Iran with 'punishing economic sanctions' after attacks on Iraqi bases - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdHJ1bXAtc2F5cy11cy13aWxsLWhpdC1pcmFuLXdpdGgtbmV3LXNhbmN0aW9ucy1hZnRlci1hdHRhY2tzLW9uLWlyYXFpLWJhc2VzLmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC90cnVtcC1zYXlzLXVzLXdpbGwtaGl0LWlyYW4td2l0aC1uZXctc2FuY3Rpb25zLWFmdGVyLWF0dGFja3Mtb24taXJhcWktYmFzZXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

‘Incredibly damning’ Boeing messages show employee unease on 737 Max - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvaW5jcmVkaWJseS1kYW1uaW5nLWJvZWluZy1tZXNzYWdlcy1zaG93LWVtcGxveWVlLXVuZWFzZS1vbi03MzctbWF40gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGF0aW1lcy5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3Mvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9pbmNyZWRpYmx5LWRhbW5pbmctYm9laW5nLW1lc3NhZ2VzLXNob3ctZW1wbG95ZWUtdW5lYXNlLW9uLTczNy1tYXg_X2FtcD10cnVl?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Royal pain: UK monarchy scrambles after Harry, Meghan bombshell - The Times of Israel
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpbWVzb2Zpc3JhZWwuY29tL3JveWFsLXBhaW4tdWstbW9uYXJjaHktc2NyYW1ibGVzLWFmdGVyLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1ib21ic2hlbGwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.timesofisrael.com

Apple Stole Tech for Watch, Masimo Claims in Patent Suit - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTA5L2FwcGxlLXN1ZWQtYnktbWFzaW1vLW92ZXItcGF0ZW50cy1mb3Itd2F0Y2gtdGVjaG5vbG9nedIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9hcHBsZS1zdWVkLWJ5LW1hc2ltby1vdmVyLXBhdGVudHMtZm9yLXdhdGNoLXRlY2hub2xvZ3k?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Samsung Galaxy Bloom name confirmed for incoming foldable flagship - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWJsb29tLTEwNzM2NDgv0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kcm9pZGF1dGhvcml0eS5jb20vc2Ftc3VuZy1nYWxheHktYmxvb20tMTA3MzY0OC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Trump's New National Security Team Made Fast Work of Iran Strike - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdHJ1bXBzLW5ldy1uYXRpb25hbC1zZWN1cml0eS10ZWFtLW1hZGUtZmFzdC13b3JrLW9mLWlyYW4tc3RyaWtlLTExNTc4NjE5MTk10gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

The 8 Coolest Things We Saw at CES 2020 - IGN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9STNWbFlKQWVELTjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Stephen A. urges Josh McDaniels not to be afraid to the leave the Patriots | First Take - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9N3QzVXpjUGFqQ3fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dem congressman Max Rose slams Pelosi's War Powers Resolution: 'Congress is not a rapid-response PR agency' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21heC1yb3NlLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi10cnVtcNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21heC1yb3NlLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi10cnVtcC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Boeing releases flood of troubling internal documents related to 737 Max - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctZG9jdW1lbnRzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2J1c2luZXNzL2JvZWluZy1kb2N1bWVudHMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

In 1988, a US Navy warship shot down an Iranian passenger plane in the heat of battle - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tYWlyLWZsaWdodC02NTUtdXMtbWlsaXRhcnktaW50bC1obmsvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLWFpci1mbGlnaHQtNjU1LXVzLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWludGwtaG5rL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

President Donald Trump Comments On Plane Crash In Iran: 'I Have My Suspicions' | NBC News - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U055cUtWdXc3bFHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Photos show exhausted Australian firefighters on break from battling bushfires - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9hdXN0cmFsaWFuLWZpcmVmaWdodGVycy10YWtpbmctYnJlYWstYnVzaGZpcmVzLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhbi1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtdGFraW5nLWJyZWFrLWJ1c2hmaXJlcy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Best Tech from the CES Show Floor! (CES 2020 Wrap Up) - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MHQ4bFJJak1JSEHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Oprah Winfrey advised Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Megxit - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1hZHZpc2VkLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1vbi1tZWd4aXTSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L29wcmFoLXdpbmZyZXktYWR2aXNlZC1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktYW5kLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtb24tbWVneGl0LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Impeachment impasse shows Pelosi's power - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2ktZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXBvd2VyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL25hbmN5LXBlbG9zaS1kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcG93ZXIvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Beds at Tokyo Athletes Village in 2020 Olympics will be made from recyclable cardboard - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vb2x5bXBpY3MvbmV3cy9iZWRzLWF0LXRva3lvLWF0aGxldGVzLXZpbGxhZ2UtaW4tMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy13aWxsLWJlLW1hZGUtZnJvbS1yZWN5Y2xhYmxlLWNhcmRib2FyZC_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9vbHltcGljcy9uZXdzL2JlZHMtYXQtdG9reW8tYXRobGV0ZXMtdmlsbGFnZS1pbi0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzLXdpbGwtYmUtbWFkZS1mcm9tLXJlY3ljbGFibGUtY2FyZGJvYXJkL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Watch Live: Trump to address the nation after Iranian missile attack - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9d3N6aWtCZnpjMHfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The best new smartphones we saw at CES 2020 - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2Jlc3Qtc21hcnRwaG9uZXMtY2VzLTIwMjAtMTA3MzIwNC_SAUdodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmRyb2lkYXV0aG9yaXR5LmNvbS9iZXN0LXNtYXJ0cGhvbmVzLWNlcy0yMDIwLTEwNzMyMDQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Amash says 'I do think' Trump abused his power with Soleimani strike - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9hbWFzaC10cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktY25udHYv0gFSaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9hbWFzaC10cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktY25udHYvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Lime pulls its scooters from a dozen cities - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvbGltZS1zaHV0dGVycy1pbi0xMi1tYXJrZXRzL9IBQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9saW1lLXNodXR0ZXJzLWluLTEyLW1hcmtldHMv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

CES 2020 day 4 recap: The 10 biggest stories of tech's hottest show - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvbXNndWlkZS5jb20vbmV3cy9jZXMtMjAyMC1kYXktNC1yZWNhcC10aGUtMTAtYmlnZ2VzdC1zdG9yaWVzLW9mLXRlY2hzLWhvdHRlc3Qtc2hvd9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvbXNndWlkZS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtZGF5LTQtcmVjYXAtdGhlLTEwLWJpZ2dlc3Qtc3Rvcmllcy1vZi10ZWNocy1ob3R0ZXN0LXNob3c?oc=5
https://www.tomsguide.com

Third body found after Idaho ski area avalanche; no more missing known - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy90aGlyZC1ib2R5LWZvdW5kLWFmdGVyLWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1uMTExMzMyNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMzI2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

UFC 246 Fighter Flashback: Conor McGregor's bold message after first Cage Warriors win - MMA Junkie
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vbW1hanVua2llLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL3VmYy0yNDYtZmlnaHRlci1mbGFzaGJhY2stY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItY2FnZS13YXJyaW9ycy1kZWJ1dC1pbnRlcnZpZXfSAXFodHRwczovL21tYWp1bmtpZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS91ZmMtMjQ2LWZpZ2h0ZXItZmxhc2hiYWNrLWNvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLWNhZ2Utd2FycmlvcnMtZGVidXQtaW50ZXJ2aWV3L2FtcA?oc=5
https://mmajunkie.usatoday.com

Apple accused of stealing Masimo trade secrets for Apple Watch health features - 9to5Mac
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vOXRvNW1hYy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcHBsZS1tYXNpbW8tYXBwbGUtd2F0Y2gtbGF3c3VpdC_SAURodHRwczovLzl0bzVtYWMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXBwbGUtbWFzaW1vLWFwcGxlLXdhdGNoLWxhd3N1aXQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://9to5mac.com

A college student in Boston was diagnosed with measles. Health officials say many people may have been exposed - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvbm9ydGhlYXN0ZXJuLXVuaXZlcnNpdHktbWVhc2xlcy1zdHVkZW50L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hlYWx0aC9ub3J0aGVhc3Rlcm4tdW5pdmVyc2l0eS1tZWFzbGVzLXN0dWRlbnQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

How Iran Could Have Mistakenly Shot Down A 737 Airliner - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2plcmVteWJvZ2Fpc2t5LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaG93LWlyYW5pYW4tYWlyLWRlZmVuc2UtZm9yY2VzLWNvdWxkLWhhdmUtbWlzdGFrZW4tYS03MzctZm9yLWEtbWlsaXRhcnktdGhyZWF0L9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2plcmVteWJvZ2Fpc2t5LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaG93LWlyYW5pYW4tYWlyLWRlZmVuc2UtZm9yY2VzLWNvdWxkLWhhdmUtbWlzdGFrZW4tYS03MzctZm9yLWEtbWlsaXRhcnktdGhyZWF0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Trump addresses the nation following Iran's missile strikes on US forces in Iraq | ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bnhJUXBBLVE0dFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Republican Mike Lee furious after Iran strike briefing from White House - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SG9PcWJ4RWppNWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

House votes to limit Trump's ability to act against Iran - CBS Evening News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cWxVaXFHSi1PeGvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Sen. Lee 'Insulted' After 'Worst Briefing' On Iran Conflict By Trump Administration | NBC News - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UTZRMzhCUXk3dDjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

UK economy, not Brexit, will drive the pound in 2020, analysts say - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdWstZWNvbm9teS1ub3QtYnJleGl0LXdpbGwtZHJpdmUtdGhlLXBvdW5kLWluLTIwMjAtYW5hbHlzdHMtc2F5Lmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91ay1lY29ub215LW5vdC1icmV4aXQtd2lsbC1kcml2ZS10aGUtcG91bmQtaW4tMjAyMC1hbmFseXN0cy1zYXkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Internal Boeing messages show disdain for regulators, 'clowns' who designed troubled 737 Max jet - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hbC1ib2VpbmctbWVzc2FnZXMtc2hvdy1kaXNkYWluLXJlZ3VsYXRvcnMtY2xvd25zLXdoby1kZXNpZ25lZC10cm91YmxlZC1uMTExMzM2MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMzYx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Hackers Cripple Airport Currency Exchanges, Seeking $6 Million Ransom - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvdHJhdmVsZXgtaGFjay1yYW5zb213YXJlLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2J1c2luZXNzL3RyYXZlbGV4LWhhY2stcmFuc29td2FyZS5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Asian markets rise as investors shift attention from US-Iran conflict - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYXNpYW4tbWFya2V0LWxhdGVzdC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYXNpYW4tbWFya2V0LWxhdGVzdC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Lebanon slaps travel ban on Ghosn - Aljazeera.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYWppbXBhY3QvbGViYW5vbi1zbGFwcy10cmF2ZWwtYmFuLWdob3NuLTIwMDEwOTE1MTQ0NjM0MC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWxqYXplZXJhLmNvbS9hbXAvYWppbXBhY3QvbGViYW5vbi1zbGFwcy10cmF2ZWwtYmFuLWdob3NuLTIwMDEwOTE1MTQ0NjM0MC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Selena Gomez Surprises Fans With 'Rare' Music Video Hours After Album Release - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbXVzaWMtdmlkZW8uaHRtbC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Five Key Matchups: 49ers vs. Vikings in the NFC Divisional Round - 49ers.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjQ5ZXJzLmNvbS9uZXdzLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mta2V5LW1hdGNodXBzLW5mYy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLW5mbC1wbGF5b2Zmc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.49ers.com

Internal Boeing Documents Show Cavalier Attitude to Safety - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvaW50ZXJuYWwtYm9laW5nLWRvY3VtZW50cy1zaG93LWNhdmFsaWVyLWF0dGl0dWRlLXRvLXNhZmV0eS0xMTU3ODYyNzIwNtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Watch Drake and Future’s Video for New Song “Life Is Good” - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dhdGNoLWRyYWtlLWFuZC1mdXR1cmVzLXZpZGVvLWZvci1uZXctc29uZy1saWZlLWlzLWdvb2Qv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9waXRjaGZvcmsuY29tL25ld3Mvd2F0Y2gtZHJha2UtYW5kLWZ1dHVyZXMtdmlkZW8tZm9yLW5ldy1zb25nLWxpZmUtaXMtZ29vZC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

Saturday divisional round previews: Vikings vs. 49ers and Titans vs. Ravens - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9zYXR1cmRheS1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLXByZXZpZXdzLXZpa2luZ3MtdnMtNDktZXJzLWFuZC10aXRhbnMtdnMtcmF2ZW5zLTIwMjkwODA3MS5odG1s0gF5aHR0cHM6Ly9zcG9ydHMueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvc2F0dXJkYXktZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1wcmV2aWV3cy12aWtpbmdzLXZzLTQ5LWVycy1hbmQtdGl0YW5zLXZzLXJhdmVucy0yMDI5MDgwNzEuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Watch President Trump's speech after Iran's strike - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NVBFeVBlei01SDjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Doom and Doom II for Android get WAD support, 60FPS mode, and more - Android Police
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRwb2xpY2UuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG9vbS1hbmQtZG9vbS1paS1mb3ItYW5kcm9pZC1nZXQtd2FkLXN1cHBvcnQtNjBmcHMtbW9kZS1hbmQtbW9yZS_SAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmRyb2lkcG9saWNlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Rvb20tYW5kLWRvb20taWktZm9yLWFuZHJvaWQtZ2V0LXdhZC1zdXBwb3J0LTYwZnBzLW1vZGUtYW5kLW1vcmUvP2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.androidpolice.com

Rep. Adam Smith mocked for flip-flop on Pelosi strategy; Trump Jr. cites ‘BS’ from Dems’ ‘lunatic fringe’ - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9yZXAtYWRhbS1zbWl0aC1tb2NrZWQtZm9yLWZsaXAtZmxvcC1vbi1wZWxvc2ktc3RyYXRlZ3ktdHJ1bXAtanItY2l0ZXMtYnMtZnJvbS1kZW1zLWx1bmF0aWMtZnJpbmdl0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3JlcC1hZGFtLXNtaXRoLW1vY2tlZC1mb3ItZmxpcC1mbG9wLW9uLXBlbG9zaS1zdHJhdGVneS10cnVtcC1qci1jaXRlcy1icy1mcm9tLWRlbXMtbHVuYXRpYy1mcmluZ2UuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump administration moves to change landmark environmental law l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eE5VNTluanRaMDDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Hoaxers are using the Australia wildfires to spread misinformation — sometimes for profit - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vdGVjaG5vbG9neS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hvYXhlcnMtYXJlLXVzaW5nLWF1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc3ByZWFkLW1pc2luZm9ybWF0aW9uLXNvbWV0aW1lcy1wcm9maXQv0gGRAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS90ZWNobm9sb2d5LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaG9heGVycy1hcmUtdXNpbmctYXVzdHJhbGlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1zcHJlYWQtbWlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tc29tZXRpbWVzLXByb2ZpdC8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

R. Kelly's girlfriend Joycelyn Savage faces domestic battery charge after a fight at his apartment - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2Utci1rZWxseS1maWdodC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2Utci1rZWxseS1maWdodC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump went off at a rally after the House passed War Powers Resolution in a sharp rebuke over Iran strike - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdHJ1bXAtd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtcmVzcG9uZC1ob3VzZS13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24taXJhbi1zdHJpa2UtMjAyMC0x0gFoaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS90cnVtcC13aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1yZXNwb25kLWhvdXNlLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi1pcmFuLXN0cmlrZS0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

President Trump rallies supporters in Ohio - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9RWNaZFdzSGpGZ03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fires Threaten Australian Towns That Have Already Burned Once - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhL2ZpcmVzLXZpY3RvcmlhLW5ldy1zb3V0aC13YWxlcy5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvZmlyZXMtdmljdG9yaWEtbmV3LXNvdXRoLXdhbGVzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

'Jedi mind tricks': Boeing 737 Max emails show attempts to manipulate airlines, FAA - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JvZWluZy03MzctbWF4LXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWZhYS1lbWFpbHMtamVkaS1taW5kLXRyaWNrcy80NDI4NzIwMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyODcyMDAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Asia markets broadly higher as shares of Apple suppliers jump - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXNpYS1zdG9ja3MtMjAwMTEwLWFwcGxlLXN1cHBsaWVycy1pbi1hc2lhLWVhcm5pbmdzLW9pbC1hbmQtY3VycmVuY2llcy5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXNpYS1zdG9ja3MtMjAwMTEwLWFwcGxlLXN1cHBsaWVycy1pbi1hc2lhLWVhcm5pbmdzLW9pbC1hbmQtY3VycmVuY2llcy5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Carlos Ghosn's 'Pink' Mansion Is Not Pink Enough - Jalopnik
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vamFsb3BuaWsuY29tL2Nhcmxvcy1naG9zbnMtcGluay1tYW5zaW9uLWlzLW5vdC1waW5rLWVub3VnaC0xODQwOTA1Nzcy0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9qYWxvcG5pay5jb20vY2FybG9zLWdob3Nucy1waW5rLW1hbnNpb24taXMtbm90LXBpbmstZW5vdWdoLTE4NDA5MDU3NzIvYW1w?oc=5
https://jalopnik.com

Doom’s classic re-releases now run at 60fps and support free add-ons - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk2OTEvZG9vbXMtY2xhc3NpYy1yZS1yZWxlYXNlcy1ub3ctcnVuLWF0LTYwZnBzLWFuZC1zdXBwb3J0LWZyZWUtYWRkLW9uc9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NjkxL2Rvb21zLWNsYXNzaWMtcmUtcmVsZWFzZXMtbm93LXJ1bi1hdC02MGZwcy1hbmQtc3VwcG9ydC1mcmVlLWFkZC1vbnM?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Scott Derrickson No Longer Directing 'Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness' - Bloody Disgusting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vYmxvb2R5LWRpc2d1c3RpbmcuY29tL21vdmllLzM2MDAxNTUvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1uby1sb25nZXItZGlyZWN0aW5nLWRvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLW11bHRpdmVyc2UtbWFkbmVzcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://bloody-disgusting.com

R. Kelly's GF Azriel Wants to Help Feds But Fears Legal Consequences - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yLWtlbGx5LWdmLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS13b3JyaWVkLWhlbHAtZmVkLWxpZWQtZmlnaHQtam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlL9IBY2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yLWtlbGx5LWdmLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS13b3JyaWVkLWhlbHAtZmVkLWxpZWQtZmlnaHQtam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Iranian official says reports that missiles downed Ukrainian passenger plane 'a big lie' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtaW50bC1obmsvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWludGwtaG5rL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

5 matchups that will define Vikings-49ers - SKOR North
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNrb3Jub3J0aC5jb20vdmlraW5ncy0yLzIwMjAvMDEvNS1tYXRjaHVwcy10aGF0LXdpbGwtZGVmaW5lLXZpa2luZ3MtNDllcnMv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.skornorth.com

Documents show Boeing concealed 737 Max problems from FAA: report | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L3RyYW5zcG9ydGF0aW9uL2F2aWF0aW9uLzQ3NzY0My1uZXctZG9jdW1lbnRzLXNob3ctYm9laW5nLWNvbmNlYWxlZC1tYXgtNzM3LXByb2JsZW1zLWZyb20tZmFh0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9wb2xpY3kvdHJhbnNwb3J0YXRpb24vYXZpYXRpb24vNDc3NjQzLW5ldy1kb2N1bWVudHMtc2hvdy1ib2VpbmctY29uY2VhbGVkLW1heC03MzctcHJvYmxlbXMtZnJvbS1mYWE_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

December jobs, wage growth and business inventories: 3 things to watch for on Friday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvb3V0bG9vay1mb3ItZnJpZGF5LWRlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtd2FnZS1ncm93dGgtYnVzaW5lc3MtaW52ZW50b3JpZXMuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L291dGxvb2stZm9yLWZyaWRheS1kZWNlbWJlci1qb2JzLXdhZ2UtZ3Jvd3RoLWJ1c2luZXNzLWludmVudG9yaWVzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Internal Boeing emails between employees reveal safety concerns: NYT - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaW50ZXJuYWwtYm9laW5nLWVtYWlscy1iZXR3ZWVuLWVtcGxveWVlcy1yZXZlYWwtc2FmZXR5LWNvbmNlcm5zLW55dC0yMDIwLTHSAWpodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2ludGVybmFsLWJvZWluZy1lbWFpbHMtYmV0d2Vlbi1lbXBsb3llZXMtcmV2ZWFsLXNhZmV0eS1jb25jZXJucy1ueXQtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Wolf moon eclipse kicks off the first of 13 full moons in 2020 - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlLWphbnVhcnktMjAyMC1zY24tdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlLWphbnVhcnktMjAyMC1zY24tdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tc24uY29tL2VuLXVzL25ld3MvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9vcmlnaW4tb2YtbXlzdGVyeS1odW1taW5nLW5vaXNlcy1oZWFyZC1hcm91bmQtdGhlLXdvcmxkLXVuY292ZXJlZC9hci1CQllOMm9ZP2xpPUJCbmI3S3rSAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Prince Harry and Meghan say they want financial independence - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bHVCN3dMOXV3Z0XSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy90ZWNobm9sb2d5L29yaWdpbi1vZi1teXN0ZXJ5LWh1bW1pbmctbm9pc2VzLWhlYXJkLWFyb3VuZC10aGUtd29ybGQtdW5jb3ZlcmVkL2FyLUJCWU4yb1nSAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Trump announces plan to acquire a book – about himself - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzA5L2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1ib29rLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtaGVyb9IBVGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzA5L2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1ib29rLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtaGVybw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

NFL Divisional Weekend best bets against the spread - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtd2Vla2VuZC1iZXN0LWJldHMtYWdhaW5zdC10aGUtc3ByZWFkLTIwMjAtMdIBWmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtd2Vla2VuZC1iZXN0LWJldHMtYWdhaW5zdC10aGUtc3ByZWFkLTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Ukraine President Presses Allies for Evidence on Plane Crash in Iran - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Vikings final injury report: Jayron Kearse doubtful, Adam Thielen questionable - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTU0MS9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1maW5hbC1pbmp1cnktcmVwb3J0LWpheXJvbi1rZWFyc2UtZG91YnRmdWwtYWRhbS10aGllbGVuLXF1ZXN0aW9uYWJsZdIBkwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTk1NDEvbWlubmVzb3RhLXZpa2luZ3MtZmluYWwtaW5qdXJ5LXJlcG9ydC1qYXlyb24ta2VhcnNlLWRvdWJ0ZnVsLWFkYW0tdGhpZWxlbi1xdWVzdGlvbmFibGU?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Australian rescue group helps animals pushed out of their habitats by fires - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9czlodlNWWnN6dzjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy90ZWNobm9sb2d5L29yaWdpbi1vZi1teXN0ZXJ5LWh1bW1pbmctbm9pc2VzLWhlYXJkLWFyb3VuZC10aGUtd29ybGQtdW5jb3ZlcmVkL2FyLUJCWU4yb1k_cGZyPTHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Taco Bell to start offering $100,000 salary jobs - WTKR News 3
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3Rrci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90YWNvLWJlbGwtdG8tc3RhcnQtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1qb2JzLXRtdy_SAVNodHRwczovL3d0a3IuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy10bXcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://wtkr.com

Damning Boeing Employee Messages Say Max ‘Designed by Clowns’ - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwLy1pbmNyZWRpYmx5LWRhbW5pbmctYm9laW5nLW1lc3NhZ2VzLXNob3ctZW1wbG95ZWUtdW5lYXNlLW9uLW1heNIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC8taW5jcmVkaWJseS1kYW1uaW5nLWJvZWluZy1tZXNzYWdlcy1zaG93LWVtcGxveWVlLXVuZWFzZS1vbi1tYXg?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Will Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Pursue Hollywood Deals After ‘Step Back’ From Royal Duties? - TheWrap
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXdyYXAuY29tL21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWhvbGx5d29vZC1kZWFscy1hZnRlci1yb3lhbC1kdXRpZXMv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhld3JhcC5jb20vbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktaG9sbHl3b29kLWRlYWxzLWFmdGVyLXJveWFsLWR1dGllcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.thewrap.com

Tensions with Trump over Iran expose concerns about the role of Congress in making war - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiuQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvdGVuc2lvbnMtd2l0aC10cnVtcC1vdmVyLWlyYW4tZXhwb3NlLWNvbmNlcm5zLWFib3V0LXRoZS1yb2xlLW9mLWNvbmdyZXNzLWluLW1ha2luZy13YXIvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jYWJjODVhYy0zMmY1LTExZWEtYTA1My1kYzZkOTQ0YmE3NzZfc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

US-Iran tensions after Soleimani killing: All the latest updates - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2Nsb25lb2ZpcmFuLXRlbnNpb25zLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1raWxsaW5nLWxhdGVzdC11cC0yMDAxMTAwMzQ3Mzc4NDMuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9jbG9uZW9maXJhbi10ZW5zaW9ucy1zb2xlaW1hbmkta2lsbGluZy1sYXRlc3QtdXAtMjAwMTEwMDM0NzM3ODQzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Trump impeachment: Pelosi says 'I know exactly when' to send articles to Senate – live - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzL2xpdmUvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWRlbW9jcmF0cy11cy1wb2xpdGljcy1saXZlLW5ld3MtdXBkYXRlc9IBe2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzL2xpdmUvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWRlbW9jcmF0cy11cy1wb2xpdGljcy1saXZlLW5ld3MtdXBkYXRlcw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Is This The Real Reason Behind Bitcoin’s $20 Billion Rally? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYmlsbHliYW1icm91Z2gvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9mb3JnZXQtaXJhbi1pcy10aGlzLXRoZS1yZWFsLXJlYXNvbi1iaXRjb2luLXN1cmdlZC10aGlzLXdlZWsv0gF4aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9iaWxseWJhbWJyb3VnaC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2ZvcmdldC1pcmFuLWlzLXRoaXMtdGhlLXJlYWwtcmVhc29uLWJpdGNvaW4tc3VyZ2VkLXRoaXMtd2Vlay9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Selena Gomez Reveals Why She ‘Will Not Be Doing Videos’ That Are Overtly Sexual ‘Anymore’ - Hollywood Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vaG9sbHl3b29kbGlmZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zZWxlbmEtZ29tZXotbm90LWRvaW5nLXNleHVhbC1tdXNpYy12aWRlb3MtdW5uZWNlc3Nhcnkv0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9ob2xseXdvb2RsaWZlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1ub3QtZG9pbmctc2V4dWFsLW11c2ljLXZpZGVvcy11bm5lY2Vzc2FyeS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://hollywoodlife.com

U.S. vaping-related deaths rise to 57, cases of illness to 2,602 - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9uZXdzL3UtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGhzLXJpc2UtMTkwOTAzMDUwLmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL25ld3MueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvdS12YXBpbmctcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aHMtcmlzZS0xOTA5MDMwNTAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trump faces uphill battle on Iran deal after losing Boris Johnson - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vbmV3cy90cnVtcC1mYWNlcy11cGhpbGwtYmF0dGxlLW9uLWlyYW4tZGVhbC1hZnRlci1sb3NpbmctYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Donald Trump calls on Britain to reject Iran nuclear deal - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NHRhMUUyYXA4aFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

How SpaceX Starlink works: price, launch date for Elon Musk's internet - Inverse
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmludmVyc2UuY29tL2FydGljbGUvNjIxODUtaGVyZS1zLWhvdy15b3Utd2lsbC1jb25uZWN0LXRvLXN0YXJsaW5rLXNwYWNleC1zLWludGVybmV0LWNvbnN0ZWxsYXRpb27SAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlcnNlLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS82MjE4NS1oZXJlLXMtaG93LXlvdS13aWxsLWNvbm5lY3QtdG8tc3Rhcmxpbmstc3BhY2V4LXMtaW50ZXJuZXQtY29uc3RlbGxhdGlvbg?oc=5
https://www.inverse.com

Inside the US Navy's mistaken shooting of Iran Air Flight 655 in 1988, which killed 290 people - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaXJhbi1haXItZmxpZ2h0LTY1NS11cy1uYXZ5LXNob3QtZG93bi0xOTg4LXBob3Rvcy0yMDIwLTHSAVhodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2lyYW4tYWlyLWZsaWdodC02NTUtdXMtbmF2eS1zaG90LWRvd24tMTk4OC1waG90b3MtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

'We Got on Gayle King as Stupid as Can Be': Azriel Clary Reveals She and Joycelyn Savage Lied for R. Kelly - The Root
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlZ3JhcGV2aW5lLnRoZXJvb3QuY29tL3dlLWdvdC1vbi1nYXlsZS1raW5nLWFzLXN0dXBpZC1hcy1jYW4tYmUtYXpyaWVsLWNsYXJ5LTE4NDA4OTYyMzHSAWVodHRwczovL3RoZWdyYXBldmluZS50aGVyb290LmNvbS93ZS1nb3Qtb24tZ2F5bGUta2luZy1hcy1zdHVwaWQtYXMtY2FuLWJlLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS0xODQwODk2MjMxL2FtcA?oc=5
https://thegrapevine.theroot.com

Drake and Future Drop New Song "Life Is Good": Listen - XXLMAG.COM
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnh4bG1hZy5jb20vcmFwLW11c2ljL25ldy1tdXNpYy8yMDIwLzAxL2RyYWtlLWZ1dHVyZS1saWZlLWlzLWdvb2Qtc29uZy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.xxlmag.com

Boeing and US safety board invited to join probe of Ukraine-bound plane crash, Iran officials say - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMtdG8tam9pbi1wcm9iZS1vZi11a3JhaW5lLWJvdW5kLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW5pYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtc2F5cy5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMtdG8tam9pbi1wcm9iZS1vZi11a3JhaW5lLWJvdW5kLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW5pYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtc2F5cy5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

This Is The 'Unladylike' Habit Meghan Markle Always Wanted to Quit - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvdGhpcy1pcy10aGUtdW5sYWR5bGlrZS1oYWJpdC1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWFsd2F5cy13YW50ZWQtdG8tcXVpdC5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

U.S. to join probe of Ukrainian jet disaster that killed 176 - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGlvbi91LXMtdG8tam9pbi1wcm9iZS1vZi1qZXQtZGlzYXN0ZXItbm8tbWlzc2lsZS1saW5rLWlyYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtaWRVU0tCTjFaODJTRdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjgyU0U?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

US killing of Qasem Soleimani is good news for IS jihadists - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTAyMTg2MdIBN2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtNTEwMjE4NjE?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Authorities are looking for a bank robber they call the 'Bad Wig Bandit' - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9iYWQtd2lnLWJhbmRpdC1yb2JiZXJ5LW5jLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvYmFkLXdpZy1iYW5kaXQtcm9iYmVyeS1uYy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump Calls Off His War With Iran for Now to Aggressively Campaign on the Soleimani Hit - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3RydW1wLWNhbGxzLW9mZi1oaXMtd2FyLXdpdGgtaXJhbi1mb3Itbm93LXRvLWFnZ3Jlc3NpdmVseS1jYW1wYWlnbi1vbi10aGUtc29sZWltYW5pLWhpdNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Director Scott Derrickson Has Left Doctor Strange 2 - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1oYXMtbGVmdC1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1zZXF1ZWwuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxL3Njb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24taGFzLWxlZnQtZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2Utc2VxdWVsLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle left young Archie in Canada - Daily Mail
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9uZXdzL2FydGljbGUtNzg3MDY3Ny9QcmluY2UtSGFycnktTWVnaGFuLU1hcmtsZS1sZWZ0LXlvdW5nLUFyY2hpZS1DYW5hZGEuaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9uZXdzL2FydGljbGUtNzg3MDY3Ny9hbXAvUHJpbmNlLUhhcnJ5LU1lZ2hhbi1NYXJrbGUtbGVmdC15b3VuZy1BcmNoaWUtQ2FuYWRhLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.dailymail.co.uk

Chicago Coyote: Urban Attacks Are Rare, but Frightening - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9jaGljYWdvLWNveW90ZS1hdHRhY2tzLmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NjaWVuY2UvY2hpY2Fnby1jb3lvdGUtYXR0YWNrcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Graham accuses Republicans dissenting on Iran of 'empowering the enemy' - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2dyYWhhbS1hY2N1c2VzLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLWRpc3NlbnRpbmctb24taXJhbi1vZi1lbXBvd2VyaW5nLXRoZS1lbmVteS_SAWhodHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9ncmFoYW0tYWNjdXNlcy1yZXB1YmxpY2Fucy1kaXNzZW50aW5nLW9uLWlyYW4tb2YtZW1wb3dlcmluZy10aGUtZW5lbXkvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Buttigieg receives his first endorsement from black member of Congress as he struggles to get black support - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9tYXJ5bGFuZC1jb25ncmVzc21hbi1hbnRob255LWJyb3duLWVuZG9yc2UtcGV0ZS1idXR0aWdpZWcvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyeWxhbmQtY29uZ3Jlc3NtYW4tYW50aG9ueS1icm93bi1lbmRvcnNlLXBldGUtYnV0dGlnaWVnL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Samsung's upcoming clamshell foldable phone will be called the Galaxy Bloom - Android Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5ncy11cGNvbWluZy1jbGFtc2hlbGwtZm9sZGFibGUtcGhvbmUtd2lsbC1iZS1jYWxsZWQtZ2FsYXh5LWJsb29t0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kcm9pZGNlbnRyYWwuY29tL3NhbXN1bmdzLXVwY29taW5nLWNsYW1zaGVsbC1mb2xkYWJsZS1waG9uZS13aWxsLWJlLWNhbGxlZC1nYWxheHktYmxvb20_YW1w?oc=5
https://www.androidcentral.com

Iran got its revenge for Qasem Soleimani's killing but the US Navy is still a target - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc29sZWltYW5pLWRlYXRoLWlyYW4tcmV2ZW5nZS11LXMtbmF2eS10YXJnZXQvMjgyMjQ2MzAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4MjI0NjMwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Fed's Williams Says World Will Be Dealing With Low Interest Rates for a Long Time - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZmVkLXMtd2lsbGlhbXMtc2F5cy13b3JsZC13aWxsLWJlLWRlYWxpbmctd2l0aC1sb3ctaW50ZXJlc3QtcmF0ZXMtZm9yLWEtbG9uZy10aW1lLTExNTc4NTg3NDAw0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Harvey Weinstein judge won't step aside as jury selection resumes - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtYXNpZGUtanVyeS1zZWxlY3Rpb24tcmVzdW1lc9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtYXNpZGUtanVyeS1zZWxlY3Rpb24tcmVzdW1lcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

NASA's Astronaut Class for the 'Artemis' Age Graduates Friday. How to Watch Live. - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9uYXNhLWFydGVtaXMtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLWdyYWR1YXRpb24td2ViY2FzdC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc3BhY2UuY29tL2FtcC9uYXNhLWFydGVtaXMtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLWdyYWR1YXRpb24td2ViY2FzdC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Pompeo responds to John Kerry on Iran: 'It's a fantasy to think that the nuclear deal was good for the Unit... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcG9tcGVvLWpvaG4ta2VycnktaXJhbi1xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLW51Y2xlYXItZGVhbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcG9tcGVvLWpvaG4ta2VycnktaXJhbi1xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLW51Y2xlYXItZGVhbC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Tesla’s Elon Musk Teases Bitcoin Community With Tongue-In-Cheek Tweet - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYmlsbHliYW1icm91Z2gvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZXNsYXMtZWxvbi1tdXNrLXRlYXNlcy1iaXRjb2luLWNvbW11bml0eS13aXRoLXRvbmd1ZS1pbi1jaGVlay10d2VldC_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9iaWxseWJhbWJyb3VnaC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3Rlc2xhcy1lbG9uLW11c2stdGVhc2VzLWJpdGNvaW4tY29tbXVuaXR5LXdpdGgtdG9uZ3VlLWluLWNoZWVrLXR3ZWV0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Coyote caught on North Side Thursday evening, police say - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JyZWFraW5nL2N0LWNveW90ZS1jYXB0dXJlLTIwMjAwMTEwLTV1NW9zZGpxNGJlZHRobmhicWQ0NnVtM3l5LXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

The far out and futuristic cars of CES - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2NvbmNlcHQtY2Fycy1hdC1jZXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGVjaC9jb25jZXB0LWNhcnMtYXQtY2VzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What is Pete Buttigieg’s legacy as mayor of South Bend? - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvcGV0ZS1idXR0aWdpZWctbGVnYWN5LXNvdXRoLWJlbmTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Dogs are saving koalas in the Australia wildfires - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC9kb2dzLXNhdmluZy1rb2FsYXMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE3MDA0MNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vYW1wL0ludGVybmF0aW9uYWwvZG9ncy1zYXZpbmcta29hbGFzLWF1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMvc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNzAwNDA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

Democrats brace for round two of impeachment witness fight | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzYzMy1kZW1vY3JhdHMtYnJhY2UtZm9yLXJvdW5kLXR3by1vZi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC13aXRuZXNzLWZpZ2h00gFpaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9zZW5hdGUvNDc3NjMzLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1icmFjZS1mb3Itcm91bmQtdHdvLW9mLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXdpdG5lc3MtZmlnaHQ_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Blurry photo suggests Samsung’s next foldable is ‘Galaxy Bloom,’ S11 to become S20 - Circuit Breaker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9jaXJjdWl0YnJlYWtlci8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk3MTMvc2Ftc3VuZy1nYWxheHktZm9sZGFibGUtZm9sZC0yLXJ1bW9yLWxlYWstYmxvb20tczIwLXVsdHJh0gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvY2lyY3VpdGJyZWFrZXIvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzEzL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWZvbGRhYmxlLWZvbGQtMi1ydW1vci1sZWFrLWJsb29tLXMyMC11bHRyYQ?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Pokémon's journey to the DLC Region was a long time coming - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vZ2FtZXMuYXZjbHViLmNvbS9wb2tlbW9ucy1qb3VybmV5LXRvLXRoZS1kbGMtcmVnaW9uLXdhcy1hLWxvbmctdGltZS1jb21pLTE4NDA5MTI4OTDSAV9odHRwczovL2dhbWVzLmF2Y2x1Yi5jb20vcG9rZW1vbnMtam91cm5leS10by10aGUtZGxjLXJlZ2lvbi13YXMtYS1sb25nLXRpbWUtY29taS0xODQwOTEyODkwL2FtcA?oc=5
https://games.avclub.com

Alcohol-Related Deaths Have Doubled Since 1999, Here's Why - Healthline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhlYWx0aGxpbmUuY29tL2hlYWx0aC1uZXdzL2FsY29ob2wtcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aHMtZG91YmxlLWluLXR3by1kZWNhZGVz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.healthline.com

Plants found to speak roundworm's language - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNWh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLXJvdW5kd29ybS1sYW5ndWFnZS5odG1s0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtcm91bmR3b3JtLWxhbmd1YWdlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Mark Levin: 'Appalling' to watch lawmakers invoke 'unconstitutional' War Powers Act against Trump - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21hcmstbGV2aW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1hY3QtaXJhbi11bmNvbnN0aXR1dGlvbmFsLXBhdWwtbGVlLWdhZXR6LXdyb25n0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvbWFyay1sZXZpbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLWFjdC1pcmFuLXVuY29uc3RpdHV0aW9uYWwtcGF1bC1sZWUtZ2FldHotd3JvbmcuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Respiratory virus on the rise in Utah; rates especially high in Washington, Iron counties - St George News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zdGdlb3JnZXV0YWguY29tL25ld3MvYXJjaGl2ZS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Nkci1yZXNwaXJhdG9yeS12aXJ1cy1vbi10aGUtcmlzZS1pbi11dGFoLXJhdGVzLWVzcGVjaWFsbHktaGlnaC1pbi13YXNoaW5ndG9uLWlyb24tY291bnRpZXMv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.stgeorgeutah.com

Informants in Iraq, Syria helped US kill Iran's Soleimani: report - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2luZm9ybWFudHMtaXJhcS1zeXJpYS1oZWxwZWQta2lsbC1pcmFuLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1yZXBvcnQtMjAwMTA5MjMyNzQ2ODY5Lmh0bWzSAXdodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbGphemVlcmEuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvaW5mb3JtYW50cy1pcmFxLXN5cmlhLWhlbHBlZC1raWxsLWlyYW4tc29sZWltYW5pLXJlcG9ydC0yMDAxMDkyMzI3NDY4NjkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Trump sends North Korea's Kim birthday greetings - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtbm9ydGhrb3JlYS11c2EvdHJ1bXAtc2VuZHMtbm9ydGgta29yZWFzLWtpbS1iaXJ0aGRheS13aXNoZXMtaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBRWdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjkwUVk?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

'Doom' re-releases now support add-ons, quick saves and 60FPS - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Rvb20tcmUtcmVsZWFzZXMtZ2V0LWFkZC1vbnMv0gFFaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZW5nYWRnZXQuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Rvb20tcmUtcmVsZWFzZXMtZ2V0LWFkZC1vbnMv?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Microsoft releases a free tool to fight online child abuse - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21pY3Jvc29mdC1wcm9qZWN0LWFydGVtaXMtb25saW5lLWNoaWxkLWFidXNlL9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWNyb3NvZnQtcHJvamVjdC1hcnRlbWlzLW9ubGluZS1jaGlsZC1hYnVzZS8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Trump has 'more or less prevailed' with this week's Iran tension, says former US ambassador - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdHJ1bXAtcHJldmFpbGVkLWluLXRoZS11cy1pcmFuLXRlbnNpb24tdGhpcy13ZWVrLWV4LXVzLWFtYmFzc2Fkb3IuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RydW1wLXByZXZhaWxlZC1pbi10aGUtdXMtaXJhbi10ZW5zaW9uLXRoaXMtd2Vlay1leC11cy1hbWJhc3NhZG9yLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

CES 2020: These car tech innovations will change your life - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL3JvYWRzaG93L25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtY2FyLXRlY2gtaW5ub3ZhdGlvbnMv0gFDaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2Nlcy0yMDIwLWNhci10ZWNoLWlubm92YXRpb25zLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Elon Musk Tweets About Bitcoin (Again) - BeInCrypto
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPGh0dHBzOi8vYmVpbmNyeXB0by5jb20vZWxvbi1tdXNrLXR3ZWV0cy1hYm91dC1iaXRjb2luLWFnYWluL9IBQGh0dHBzOi8vYmVpbmNyeXB0by5jb20vZWxvbi1tdXNrLXR3ZWV0cy1hYm91dC1iaXRjb2luLWFnYWluL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://beincrypto.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tc24uY29tL2VuLXVzL25ld3MvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9vcmlnaW4tb2YtbXlzdGVyeS1odW1taW5nLW5vaXNlcy1oZWFyZC1hcm91bmQtdGhlLXdvcmxkLXVuY292ZXJlZC9hci1CQllOMm9ZP2xpPUFBNFpvedIBAA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Pete Buttigieg unveils $1 trillion infrastructure plan - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGV0ZS1idXR0aWdpZWctdW52ZWlscy0xLXRyaWxsaW9uLWluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlLXBsYW4uaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BldGUtYnV0dGlnaWVnLXVudmVpbHMtMS10cmlsbGlvbi1pbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZS1wbGFuLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

2 GOP senators say they'd back Democrats' war powers resolution - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UDNTMV91NC1kNzDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

7 best wearables of CES 2020: the smartwatches that stole the show - TechRadar India
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiO2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vbmV3cy83LWJlc3Qtd2VhcmFibGVzLW9mLWNlcy0yMDIw0gE_aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGVjaHJhZGFyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy83LWJlc3Qtd2VhcmFibGVzLW9mLWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.techradar.com

How Big Tech is helping transform cars into smartphones - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdGVjaC1jZXMtYXV0b3MvaG93LWJpZy10ZWNoLWlzLWhlbHBpbmctdHJhbnNmb3JtLWNhcnMtaW50by1zbWFydHBob25lcy1pZFVTS0JOMVo4MUFH0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaODFBRw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

'Diplomatic crisis': Pressure builds on Iran as Western powers suggest it downed Ukraine plane - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC13ZXN0ZXJuLXBvd2Vycy1zdWdnZXN0LXRlaHJhbi1kb3duZWQtdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC13ZXN0ZXJuLXBvd2Vycy1zdWdnZXN0LXRlaHJhbi1kb3duZWQtdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

S&P 5,000? Why one fund manager says that milestone may be reached sooner than you would expect - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC80NzRBMzkxNi0zMzgyLTExRUEtOTczMy02MTAzODUwOUJBQjLSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvNDc0QTM5MTYtMzM4Mi0xMUVBLTk3MzMtNjEwMzg1MDlCQUIy?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

AMD Radeon GPU appears, beats GeForce RTX 2080 Ti by 17% - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnR3ZWFrdG93bi5jb20vbmV3cy82OTg3OS9hbWQtcmFkZW9uLWdwdS1hcHBlYXJzLWJlYXRzLWdlZm9yY2UtcnR4LTIwODAtdGktMTcvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnR3ZWFrdG93bi5jb20vbmV3cy82OTg3OS9hbWQtcmFkZW9uLWdwdS1hcHBlYXJzLWJlYXRzLWdlZm9yY2UtcnR4LTIwODAtdGktMTcvYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.tweaktown.com

Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, returns to Canada after bombshell announcement - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91ay9oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tY2FuYWRhLWludGwtZ2JyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VrL2hhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1jYW5hZGEtaW50bC1nYnIvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Minneapolis to be lit up in purple for Vikings Playoff Game - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bm9yc2VtYW4uY29tLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU5NTUwL21pbm5lYXBvbGlzLXRvLWJlLWxpdC11cC1wdXJwbGUtdmlraW5ncy1wbGF5b2ZmLWdhbWXSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTk1NTAvbWlubmVhcG9saXMtdG8tYmUtbGl0LXVwLXB1cnBsZS12aWtpbmdzLXBsYXlvZmYtZ2FtZQ?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Ghosn's lawyer slams minister's gaffe on proving innocence - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS81NzY1NGEyOWJhZWU5ZTRhOTZjMzRiN2Q5NmRkOWQxM9IBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

Doctor Strange 2 SHOCK - Why Director Just Quit The Multiverse Of Madness - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TEVwM2l2dTdWbVnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Enormous 'Mega-Fire' In Australia Engulfs 1.5 Million Acres - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUxNjk0MTcvZW5vcm1vdXMtbWVnYS1maXJlLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYS1lbmd1bGZzLTEtNS1taWxsaW9uLWFjcmVz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

UK Parliament approves Boris Johnson's Brexit deal - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3VrLXBhcmxpYW1lbnQtYXBwcm92ZXMtYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbi1icmV4aXQtZGVhbC0yMDAxMDkxNDQ5MTcwMzIuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS91ay1wYXJsaWFtZW50LWFwcHJvdmVzLWJvcmlzLWpvaG5zb24tYnJleGl0LWRlYWwtMjAwMTA5MTQ0OTE3MDMyLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

U.K. Lawmakers Approve Brexit Bill - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdS1rLWxhd21ha2Vycy1hcHByb3ZlLWJyZXhpdC1iaWxsLTExNTc4NTkxMTIz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

South Korea says it sent birthday message from President Trump to Kim Jong Un - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAva2ltLWpvbmctdW4tc291dGgta29yZWEtc2F5cy1zZW50dHJ1bXBzLWJpcnRoZGF5LW1lc3NhZ2UvNDQyOTI0NDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjkyNDQwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Packers need volunteers to shovel snow - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wYWNrZXJzLW5lZWQtdm9sdW50ZWVycy10by1zaG92ZWwtc25vdy_SAVxodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGFja2Vycy1uZWVkLXZvbHVudGVlcnMtdG8tc2hvdmVsLXNub3cvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Fossil Reveals Earth’s Oldest Known Animal Guts - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc2NpZW5jZS9mb3NzaWwtZ3V0cy1pbnRlc3RpbmVzLmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NjaWVuY2UvZm9zc2lsLWd1dHMtaW50ZXN0aW5lcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Alienware UFO vs. Nintendo Switch: The biggest differences I noticed - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYWxpZW53YXJlLXVmby12cy1uaW50ZW5kby1zd2l0Y2gtZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMtc3BlY3MtZGVzaWduLWNlcy0yMDIwLTHSAWRodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2FsaWVud2FyZS11Zm8tdnMtbmludGVuZG8tc3dpdGNoLWRpZmZlcmVuY2VzLXNwZWNzLWRlc2lnbi1jZXMtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

‘Perhaps a little pain would help.’ My ex-husband won’t leave our home and rents out rooms on Airbnb — can I force him to stop? - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC9CMUJEQTcyOC0zMzFBLTExRUEtODE3RC00RjEzNzVDOEEwREHSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvQjFCREE3MjgtMzMxQS0xMUVBLTgxN0QtNEYxMzc1QzhBMERB?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Iraq asks United States to set up mechanism for troop withdrawal - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlX2Vhc3QvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXVuaXRlZC1zdGF0ZXMtdG8tc2V0LXVwLW1lY2hhbmlzbS1mb3ItdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzc5NDA1OGVhLTMyZjgtMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gG7AWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVfZWFzdC9pcmFxLWFza3MtdW5pdGVkLXN0YXRlcy10by1zZXQtdXAtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvNzk0MDU4ZWEtMzJmOC0xMWVhLTk3MWItNDNiZWMzZmY5ODYwX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Small rockets land near Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9wb2xpdGljcy9yb2NrZXRzLWxhbmQtaW4tZ3JlZW4tem9uZS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9wb2xpdGljcy9yb2NrZXRzLWxhbmQtaW4tZ3JlZW4tem9uZS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

S&P 5,000? Why one fund manager says that milestone may be reached sooner than you would expect - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3Rvcnkvc3AtNTAwMC13aHktb25lLWZ1bmQtbWFuYWdlci1zYXlzLXRoYXQtbWlsZXN0b25lLW1heS1iZS1yZWFjaGVkLXNvb25lci10aGFuLXlvdS13b3VsZC1leHBlY3QtMjAyMC0wMS0xMNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC80NzRBMzkxNi0zMzgyLTExRUEtOTczMy02MTAzODUwOUJBQjI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Small rockets hit near Baghdad Green Zone a day after Iran missile attacks on US targets in Iraq - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdHdvLXJvY2tldHMtaGl0LWJhZ2hkYWQtZ3JlZW4tem9uZS1kYXktYWZ0ZXItaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFja3MuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3R3by1yb2NrZXRzLWhpdC1iYWdoZGFkLWdyZWVuLXpvbmUtZGF5LWFmdGVyLWlyYW4tbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2tzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Iran plane crash: Tehran rebuffs claims it shot down Ukrainian jet - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA2MjM2OdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Increasing the minimum wage by $1 could reduce US suicide rates, study finds - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvbWluaW11bS13YWdlLXN1aWNpZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvbWluaW11bS13YWdlLXN1aWNpZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iraq tells U.S. to lay down "mechanisms" for withdrawal in phone call between Prime Minister Adel Abdul-Mahdi and Mike Pompeo - 2020-01-10 - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXVzLXdpdGhkcmF3YWwtcHJpbWUtbWluaXN0ZXItYWRlbC1hYmR1bC1tYWhkaS1wb21wZW8tcGhvbmUtY2FsbC1pcmFuLXN0cmlrZS0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFxLWFza3MtdXMtd2l0aGRyYXdhbC1wcmltZS1taW5pc3Rlci1hZGVsLWFiZHVsLW1haGRpLXBvbXBlby1waG9uZS1jYWxsLWlyYW4tc3RyaWtlLTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Iraq asks U.S. to set up mechanism for troop withdrawal - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL3dwLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXUtcy10by1zZXQtdXAtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsL9IBfmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL3dwLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXUtcy10by1zZXQtdXAtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

A Glimpse of Our Connected Tech Future, Courtesy of CES 2020 - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiO2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9jZXMtMjAyMC5odG1s0gE_aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNobm9sb2d5L2Nlcy0yMDIwLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

New planet TOI 1338 b discovered by 17-year-old NASA intern Wolf Cukier - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbmV3LXBsYW5ldC10b2ktMTMzOC1iLWRpc2NvdmVyZWQtYnktbmFzYS1pbnRlcm4td29sZi1jdWtpZXItdGVzcy1zYXRlbGl0dGUv0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbmV3LXBsYW5ldC10b2ktMTMzOC1iLWRpc2NvdmVyZWQtYnktbmFzYS1pbnRlcm4td29sZi1jdWtpZXItdGVzcy1zYXRlbGl0dGUv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

UPDATE: MacDill Air Force Base briefly locked down after reports of shots fired bear base - Atlanta Journal Constitution
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vbmV3cy9icmVha2luZy1tYWNkaWxsLWFpci1mb3JjZS1iYXNlLWxvY2tlZC1kb3duLWFjdGl2ZS1zaG9vdGVyLXJlcG9ydGVkL1M2NEVIVkNvVUVKSVlHcjdjU0VRS08v0gF8aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWpjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JyZWFraW5nLW1hY2RpbGwtYWlyLWZvcmNlLWJhc2UtbG9ja2VkLWRvd24tYWN0aXZlLXNob290ZXItcmVwb3J0ZWQvUzY0RUhWQ29VRUpJWUdyN2NTRVFLTy9hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.ajc.com

What To Watch For In College Football’s National Championship - FiveThirtyEight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vZml2ZXRoaXJ0eWVpZ2h0LmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy93aGF0LXRvLXdhdGNoLWZvci1pbi1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxscy1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly9maXZldGhpcnR5ZWlnaHQuY29tL2ZlYXR1cmVzL3doYXQtdG8td2F0Y2gtZm9yLWluLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGxzLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fivethirtyeight.com

MacDill Air Force Base lockdown lifted after reports of active shooter today - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbWFjZGlsbC1haXItZm9yY2UtYmFzZS1vbi1sb2NrZG93bi10YW1wYS1yZXBvcnRzLW9mLWFjdGl2ZS1zaG9vdGVyLXRvZGF5LWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9tYWNkaWxsLWFpci1mb3JjZS1iYXNlLW9uLWxvY2tkb3duLXRhbXBhLXJlcG9ydHMtb2YtYWN0aXZlLXNob290ZXItdG9kYXktbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzLTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Boeing 737 Max: Worker said plane 'designed by clowns' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiKmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9idXNpbmVzcy01MTA1ODkyOdIBLmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvYnVzaW5lc3MtNTEwNTg5Mjk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Iran plane crash: What we know about the investigation and the 63 Canadians killed - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS90cmF2ZWwvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtd2hhdC13ZS1rbm93LTYzLWNhbmFkaWFucy1raWxsZWQvMjg0NjYzOTAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NDY2MzkwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: GrubHub, Boeing, Amazon, WD-40 & more - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3RvY2tzLW1ha2luZy10aGUtYmlnZ2VzdC1tb3Zlcy1wcmVtYXJrZXQtZ3J1Ymh1Yi1ib2VpbmctYW1hem9uLXdkLTQwLW1vcmUuaHRtbNIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3N0b2Nrcy1tYWtpbmctdGhlLWJpZ2dlc3QtbW92ZXMtcHJlbWFya2V0LWdydWJodWItYm9laW5nLWFtYXpvbi13ZC00MC1tb3JlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Stocks set records and gold falls as fear recedes from markets - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvc3RvY2tzLXNldC1yZWNvcmRzLWdvbGQtZmFsbHMtZmVhci1yZWNlZGVzLWZyb20tbWFya2V0c9IBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvc3RvY2tzLXNldC1yZWNvcmRzLWdvbGQtZmFsbHMtZmVhci1yZWNlZGVzLWZyb20tbWFya2V0cz9fYW1wPXRydWU?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Boeing Hands Over Internal Employee Messages Describing 737 Max as “Designed by Clowns” - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvYm9laW5nLWludGVybmFsLWVtcGxveWVlLW1lc3NhZ2VzLTczNy1tYXgtY2xvd25zLWNvbmdyZXNzLmh0bWzSAWlodHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL2JvZWluZy1pbnRlcm5hbC1lbXBsb3llZS1tZXNzYWdlcy03MzctbWF4LWNsb3ducy1jb25ncmVzcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Stock futures rise, with Dow set to break above 29,000 for the first time - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG93LWZ1dHVyZXMtb24tdGhlLWJhY2stb2YtZWFzaW5nLXRlbnNpb25zLWluLXRoZS1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC5odG1s0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG93LWZ1dHVyZXMtb24tdGhlLWJhY2stb2YtZWFzaW5nLXRlbnNpb25zLWluLXRoZS1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Australia fire crisis fuels protests calling for bolder action on climate change - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiwwFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvYXNpYV9wYWNpZmljL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlLWNyaXNpcy1mdWVscy1ncm91bmRzd2VsbC1vZi1zdXBwb3J0LWZvci1ib2xkZXItYWN0aW9uLW9uLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY2MxZmVhM2MtMzJhNi0xMWVhLTk3MWItNDNiZWMzZmY5ODYwX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAdIBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3dvcmxkL2FzaWFfcGFjaWZpYy9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS1jcmlzaXMtZnVlbHMtZ3JvdW5kc3dlbGwtb2Ytc3VwcG9ydC1mb3ItYm9sZGVyLWFjdGlvbi1vbi1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NjMWZlYTNjLTMyYTYtMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Oldest Guts Ever Found May Reveal the Identity of a Mysterious Primordial Creature - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9vbGRlc3QtZ3V0cy1mb3NzaWxpemVkLXByaW1vcmRpYWwtY3JlYXR1cmUuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9hbXAvb2xkZXN0LWd1dHMtZm9zc2lsaXplZC1wcmltb3JkaWFsLWNyZWF0dXJlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Some on the right dissenting from Trump’s approach to Iran - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3NvbWUtb24tdGhlLXJpZ2h0LWRpc3NlbnRpbmctZnJvbS10cnVtcHMtYXBwcm9hY2gtdG8taXJhbtIBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3NvbWUtb24tdGhlLXJpZ2h0LWRpc3NlbnRpbmctZnJvbS10cnVtcHMtYXBwcm9hY2gtdG8taXJhbi5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Not Even Amazon Can Deliver Holiday Magic To Kohl’s As Sales Disappoint - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYW5kcmlhY2hlbmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9ub3QtZXZlbi1hbWF6b24tY2FuLWhlbHAtZGVsaXZlci10aGF0LWhvbGlkYXktbWFnaWMtdG8ta29obHMv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9hbmRyaWFjaGVuZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L25vdC1ldmVuLWFtYXpvbi1jYW4taGVscC1kZWxpdmVyLXRoYXQtaG9saWRheS1tYWdpYy10by1rb2hscy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Man Breaks Into Taco Bell, Prepares Food, Takes Nap - Snopes.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW4tYnJlYWtzLWludG8tdGFjby1iZWxsLXByZXBhcmVzLWZvb2QtdGFrZXMtbmFwL9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW4tYnJlYWtzLWludG8tdGFjby1iZWxsLXByZXBhcmVzLWZvb2QtdGFrZXMtbmFwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.snopes.com

Holes in Iran plane crash wreckage raise new questions - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dDRzc0hycUFjRkHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Iran plane crash: Tehran rebuffs claims it shot down Ukrainian jet - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA2MjM2OdIBN2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtNTEwNjIzNjk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

5 things to know before the stock market opens on jobs Friday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvNS10aGluZ3MtdG8ta25vdy1iZWZvcmUtdGhlLXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC1vcGVucy1qYW51YXJ5LTEwLTIwMjAuaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUtdGhpbmdzLXRvLWtub3ctYmVmb3JlLXRoZS1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtb3BlbnMtamFudWFyeS0xMC0yMDIwLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Doctor Strange director Scott Derrickson exits over 'creative differences' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50LWFydHMtNTEwNjE4MDDSAThodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy01MTA2MTgwMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Listen to Ozzy Osbourne’s Ordinary Man featuring Elton John - Louder
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxvdWRlcnNvdW5kLmNvbS9uZXdzL2xpc3Rlbi10by1venp5LW9zYm91cm5lcy1vcmRpbmFyeS1tYW4tZmVhdHVyaW5nLWVsdG9uLWpvaG7SAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy5sb3VkZXJzb3VuZC5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbGlzdGVuLXRvLW96enktb3Nib3VybmVzLW9yZGluYXJ5LW1hbi1mZWF0dXJpbmctZWx0b24tam9obg?oc=5
https://www.loudersound.com

Taiwan heads to the polls in what is seen as a referendum on its relationship with China - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZWxlY3Rpb25zLXRhaXdhbi12b3Rlcy1pbi13aGF0LWNvdWxkLWJlLWEtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2VyLWZvci11cy1jaGluYS5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZWxlY3Rpb25zLXRhaXdhbi12b3Rlcy1pbi13aGF0LWNvdWxkLWJlLWEtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2VyLWZvci11cy1jaGluYS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Ozzy Osbourne Drops 'Ordinary Man' Featuring Elton John, Slash - Loudwire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vbG91ZHdpcmUuY29tL296enktb3Nib3VybmUtbmV3LXNvbmctb3JkaW5hcnktbWFuLWVsdG9uLWpvaG4tc2xhc2gv0gEA?oc=5
https://loudwire.com

Graham, Paul rift deepens over Trump's war powers | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzYyNS1ncmFoYW0tcGF1bC1yaWZ0LWRlZXBlbnMtb3Zlci10cnVtcHMtd2FyLXBvd2Vyc9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzYyNS1ncmFoYW0tcGF1bC1yaWZ0LWRlZXBlbnMtb3Zlci10cnVtcHMtd2FyLXBvd2Vycz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Dow Jones Today, Futures Climb Ahead of Jobs Report; Chip Stocks Buzzing, Intuitive Surgical Soars On Guidance - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLXRvZGF5LWZ1dHVyZXMtY2xpbWItam9icy1yZXBvcnQtY2hpcC1zdG9ja3MtYnV6emluZy1pbnR1aXRpdmUtc3VyZ2ljYWwtc29hcnMtb24tZ3VpZGFuY2Uv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

With Joel Embiid out, Ben Simmons, Al Horford and the 76ers still out-sized the Celtics - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU1ODcwL3dpdGgtam9lbC1lbWJpaWQtYmVuLXNpbW1vbnMtYWwtaG9yZm9yZC03NmVycy1zaXplZC1jZWx0aWNz0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmJhL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTU4NzAvd2l0aC1qb2VsLWVtYmlpZC1iZW4tc2ltbW9ucy1hbC1ob3Jmb3JkLTc2ZXJzLXNpemVkLWNlbHRpY3M_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

MacDill Air Force Base in Florida was briefly under lockdown over concerns of a suspect nearby - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9mbG9yaWRhLW1hY2RpbGwtYWlyLWZvcmNlLWJhc2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Microsoft will NOT be pushing out the new Edge via Windows Update to everyone - MSPoweruser
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vbXNwb3dlcnVzZXIuY29tL21pY3Jvc29mdC13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1wdXNoaW5nLW91dC10aGUtbmV3LWVkZ2UtdmlhLXdpbmRvd3MtdXBkYXRlLXRvLWV2ZXJ5b25lL9IBamh0dHBzOi8vbXNwb3dlcnVzZXIuY29tL21pY3Jvc29mdC13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1wdXNoaW5nLW91dC10aGUtbmV3LWVkZ2UtdmlhLXdpbmRvd3MtdXBkYXRlLXRvLWV2ZXJ5b25lL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://mspoweruser.com

U.S. Economy Added 145,000 Jobs in December - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZGVjZW1iZXItam9icy1yZXBvcnQtMTE1Nzg2NTc2MDDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

US firefighters cheered at Australia airport as fires worsen, new evacuations ordered - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlLXVzLWZpcmVmaWdodGVycy1jb25kaXRpb25zLWV2YWN1YXRpb25zLW9yZGVyZWTSAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS93b3JsZC9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS11cy1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtY29uZGl0aW9ucy1ldmFjdWF0aW9ucy1vcmRlcmVkLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Economy adds 145,000 jobs in December as unemployment rate remains at 3.5 percent - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2phbnVhcnktMjAyMC1qb2JzLXJlcG9ydC_SAVtodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3MvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qYW51YXJ5LTIwMjAtam9icy1yZXBvcnQvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Iraq Calls on U.S. to Prepare for Troop Withdrawal - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvaXJhcS1jYWxscy1vbi11LXMtdG8tcHJlcGFyZS1mb3ItdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC0xMTU3ODY1NzEwOdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Iran denies 'with certainty' U.S., Canada intel that missile downed Ukraine plane: What we know - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1ub3QtY2F1c2VkLW1pc3NpbGUtaXJhbi1kZW55aW5nLXVzLWNhbmFkYS80NDI5MzE0MDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyOTMxNDAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Iraqi PM tells US to start working on troop withdrawal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcWktcG0tdGVsbHMtdXMtdG8tZGVjaWRlLXRoZS1tZWNoYW5pc20tZm9yLXRyb29wLXdpdGhkcmF3YWwuaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2lyYXFpLXBtLXRlbGxzLXVzLXRvLWRlY2lkZS10aGUtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Job market ends 2019 with disappointing 145,000 growth in payrolls - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMtbm9uZmFybS1wYXlyb2xscy1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy1ub25mYXJtLXBheXJvbGxzLWRlY2VtYmVyLTIwMTkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Jobs Report: US Economy Adds 145,000 As Wage Growth Slows; Dow Jones Rises - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmludmVzdG9ycy5jb20vbmV3cy9lY29ub215L2pvYnMtcmVwb3J0LXUtcy1lY29ub215LWFkZHMtMTQ1MDAwLXdhZ2UtZ3Jvd3RoLXNsb3dzLWRvdy1qb25lcy1yaXNlcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

More Bad News For Apple As New iPhone Design Exposed [Updated] - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZ29yZG9ua2VsbHkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcHBsZS1pcGhvbmUtc2UyLTIwMjAtZGVzaWduLXVwZ3JhZGUtaXBob25lLTEyLWlwaG9uZS0xMS1wcm8tbWF4LXVwZGF0ZS_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9nb3Jkb25rZWxseS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FwcGxlLWlwaG9uZS1zZTItMjAyMC1kZXNpZ24tdXBncmFkZS1pcGhvbmUtMTItaXBob25lLTExLXByby1tYXgtdXBkYXRlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

You're Not Seeing Things, These Spider Butts Look Like Faces - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9wZWFjb2NrLXNwaWRlci1idXR0cy1sb29rLWxpa2UtZmFjZXMuaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9hbXAvcGVhY29jay1zcGlkZXItYnV0dHMtbG9vay1saWtlLWZhY2VzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Listen To Ozzy Osbourne's Collaboration With Elton John, 'Ordinary Man' - BLABBERMOUTH.NET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsYWJiZXJtb3V0aC5uZXQvbmV3cy9saXN0ZW4tdG8tb3p6eS1vc2JvdXJuZXMtY29sbGFib3JhdGlvbi13aXRoLWVsdG9uLWpvaG4tb3JkaW5hcnktbWFuL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.blabbermouth.net

Women's basketball: No. 6 Baylor snaps top-ranked UConn's 98-game home winning streak - NCAA.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5jYWEuY29tL25ld3MvYmFza2V0YmFsbC13b21lbi9hcnRpY2xlLzIwMjAtMDEtMDgvd29tZW5zLWJhc2tldGJhbGwtbm8tNi1iYXlsb3Itc25hcHMtdG9wLXJhbmtlZC11Y29ubnMtOTjSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5uY2FhLmNvbS9uZXdzL2Jhc2tldGJhbGwtd29tZW4vYXJ0aWNsZS8yMDIwLTAxLTA4L3dvbWVucy1iYXNrZXRiYWxsLW5vLTYtYmF5bG9yLXNuYXBzLXRvcC1yYW5rZWQtdWNvbm5zLTk4P2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.ncaa.com

LOL, Harvey Weinstein Wants a New Judge Now Because This One Was Too Mean to Him - The Mary Sue
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZW1hcnlzdWUuY29tL3dlaW5zdGVpbi1uaWNlci1qdWRnZS1wbGVhc2Uv0gE8aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlbWFyeXN1ZS5jb20vd2VpbnN0ZWluLW5pY2VyLWp1ZGdlLXBsZWFzZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.themarysue.com

Florida man charged with threatening to kill Trump to avenge Soleimani - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Zsb3JpZGEtbWFuLWNoYXJnZWQtd2l0aC10aHJlYXRlbmluZy10by1raWxsLXRydW1wLXRvLWF2ZW5nZS1zb2xlaW1hbmkv0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmxvcmlkYS1tYW4tY2hhcmdlZC13aXRoLXRocmVhdGVuaW5nLXRvLWtpbGwtdHJ1bXAtdG8tYXZlbmdlLXNvbGVpbWFuaS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Meet the 13 astronauts who could be the first humans on Mars - 10TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjEwdHYuY29tL2FydGljbGUvbWVldC0xMy1hc3Ryb25hdXRzLXdoby1jb3VsZC1iZS1maXJzdC1odW1hbnMtbWFycy0yMDIwLWphbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.10tv.com

Democrats slept on Bernie Sanders. Now he's surging as Iowa approaches - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1pb3dhLTIwMjAvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtaW93YS0yMDIwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What we know about Joel Embiid's injury diagnosis - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vcGhpbGFkZWxwaGlhLzc2ZXJzL2pvZWwtZW1iaWlkLXN1cmdlcnktZmluZ2VyLWluanVyeS1kaWFnbm9zZWQtdG9ybi1saWdhbWVudC1oaXMtZmluZ2VyLXNpeGVyc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's royal exit done without my help, Oprah Winfrey claims - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1kZW5pYWzSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW9wcmFoLXdpbmZyZXktZGVuaWFsLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Nearly 2 million adults are estimated to have shown symptoms of PTSD during Hong Kong protests, study finds - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtcHRzZC1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtcHRzZC1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Leaving Las Vegas: 7 takeaways from CES 2020 - AdAge.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vYWRhZ2UuY29tL2FydGljbGUvc3BlY2lhbC1yZXBvcnQtY2VzL2xlYXZpbmctbGFzLXZlZ2FzLTctdGFrZWF3YXlzLWNlcy0yMDIwLzIyMjYyODbSAQA?oc=5
https://adage.com

Predicting the winners of the NFL playoffs' divisional round | NFL Live - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cmsxdlRUNkpETUnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

American Cancer Society denies Trump credit for falling cancer deaths - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYW1lcmljYW4tY2FuY2VyLXNvY2lldHktZGVuaWVzLXRydW1wLWNyZWRpdC1mb3ItZmFsbGluZy1jYW5jZXItcmF0ZXMtMjAyMC0x0gFraHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9hbWVyaWNhbi1jYW5jZXItc29jaWV0eS1kZW5pZXMtdHJ1bXAtY3JlZGl0LWZvci1mYWxsaW5nLWNhbmNlci1yYXRlcy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Morning Report: Michael Bisping says he is ‘sick of all this talk of superfights’ - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk0NTMvbW9ybmluZy1yZXBvcnQtbWljaGFlbC1iaXNwaW5nLXNheXMtaGUtaXMtc2ljay1vZi1hbGwtdGhpcy10YWxrLW9mLXN1cGVyZmlnaHRz0gGKAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NDUzL21vcm5pbmctcmVwb3J0LW1pY2hhZWwtYmlzcGluZy1zYXlzLWhlLWlzLXNpY2stb2YtYWxsLXRoaXMtdGFsay1vZi1zdXBlcmZpZ2h0cw?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

‘Underwater’ Is a Deep-Sea ‘Alien’ Homage - The Ringer
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXJpbmdlci5jb20vbW92aWVzLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1OTc4My91bmRlcndhdGVyLWtyaXN0ZW4tc3Rld2FydC1tb3ZpZS1yZXZpZXfSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVyaW5nZXIuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC9tb3ZpZXMvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzgzL3VuZGVyd2F0ZXIta3Jpc3Rlbi1zdGV3YXJ0LW1vdmllLXJldmlldw?oc=5
https://www.theringer.com

Iraq asks U.S. to make plans to withdraw forces - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXUtcy1tYWtlLXBsYW5zLXdpdGhkcmF3LWZvcmNlcy1uMTExMzM5MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMzkx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Apple iPhone 12: Everything We Know So Far [Updated] - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZ29yZG9ua2VsbHkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcHBsZS1pcGhvbmUtMTItcHJvLW1heC1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtZGVzaWduLWNhbWVyYS1wcmljZS1pcGhvbmUtMTEtdXBncmFkZS_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9nb3Jkb25rZWxseS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FwcGxlLWlwaG9uZS0xMi1wcm8tbWF4LXJlbGVhc2UtZGF0ZS1kZXNpZ24tY2FtZXJhLXByaWNlLWlwaG9uZS0xMS11cGdyYWRlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Judge won't step down from Weinstein case after cellphone rebuke - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtZG93bi1mcm9tLXdlaW5zdGVpbi1jYXNlLWFmdGVyLWNlbGxwaG9uZS1yZWJ1a2Uv0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9wYWdlc2l4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2p1ZGdlLXdvbnQtc3RlcC1kb3duLWZyb20td2VpbnN0ZWluLWNhc2UtYWZ0ZXItY2VsbHBob25lLXJlYnVrZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

‘Designed by clowns’: Boeing papers show employees slid 737 Max problems past the FAA - The Boston Globe
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJvc3Rvbmdsb2JlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2J1c2luZXNzL2Rlc2lnbmVkLWJ5LWNsb3ducy1ib2VpbmctcGFwZXJzLXNob3ctZW1wbG95ZWVzLXNsaWQtNzM3LW1heC1wcm9ibGVtcy1wYXN0LWZhYS_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYm9zdG9uZ2xvYmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvZGVzaWduZWQtYnktY2xvd25zLWJvZWluZy1wYXBlcnMtc2hvdy1lbXBsb3llZXMtc2xpZC03MzctbWF4LXByb2JsZW1zLXBhc3QtZmFhLz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.bostonglobe.com

U.S. job growth seen slowing in December after robust gains - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXkvdXMtam9iLWdyb3d0aC1zZWVuLXNsb3dpbmctaW4tZGVjZW1iZXItYWZ0ZXItcm9idXN0LWdhaW5zLWlkVVNLQk4xWjkwRTbSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MEU2?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

A triple threat storm could bring tornadoes, snow and flooding to much of the US this weekend - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93ZWF0aGVyL3RyaXBsZS10aHJlYXQtc3Rvcm0tZnJpZGF5LXd4Yy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93ZWF0aGVyL3RyaXBsZS10aHJlYXQtc3Rvcm0tZnJpZGF5LXd4Yy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Mike Anthony: UConn crumbles late against Baylor as 2019-20 reality is driven home - Hartford Courant
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvdXJhbnQuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy91Y29ubi13b21lbnMtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9oYy1zcC11Y29ubi1iYXlsb3ItY29sdW1uLTIwMjAwMTEwLTVxbjVxanVjb2pmeXplbnV1eXkyeGt4cGFlLXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.courant.com

Am I Screwed If I Don't Upgrade Windows 7 by January 15? - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vYW0taS1zY3Jld2VkLWlmLWktZG9udC11cGdyYWRlLXdpbmRvd3MtNy1ieS1qYW51YXJ5LTE1LTE4NDA5MDMxMjDSAVxodHRwczovL2xpZmVoYWNrZXIuY29tL2FtLWktc2NyZXdlZC1pZi1pLWRvbnQtdXBncmFkZS13aW5kb3dzLTctYnktamFudWFyeS0xNS0xODQwOTAzMTIwL2FtcA?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

Sen. Bernie Sanders slams Trump as 'pathological liar' - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vc2VuLWJlcm5pZS1zYW5kZXJzLXNsYW1zLXRydW1wLXBhdGhvbG9naWNhbC1saWFyLW4xMTEzNDE20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0MTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iran to download plane black box after missile blamed for crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvYm9laW5nLWpldC1jcmFzaGVzLWluLWlyYW4td2l0aC1uby1zdXJ2aXZvcnMtc2VjdXJpdHktc291cmNlcy1zZWUtdGVjaG5pY2FsLWNhdXNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjcwRUzSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MEkz?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

The game-changing move that has each playoff team in the hunt for Super Bowl LIV - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDM5ODkzL3RoZS1nYW1lLWNoYW5naW5nLW1vdmUtcGxheW9mZi10ZWFtLWh1bnQtc3VwZXItYm93bC1saXbSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQzOTg5My90aGUtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2luZy1tb3ZlLXBsYXlvZmYtdGVhbS1odW50LXN1cGVyLWJvd2wtbGl2P3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Zantac: Heartburn drug ranitidine's possible cancer link investigated by California lab Emery Pharma - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvemFudGFjLWhlYXJ0YnVybi1kcnVnLXJhbml0aWRpbmUtcG9zc2libGUtbGluay10by1jYW5jZXItY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1sYWItZW1lcnktcGFybWEtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGluZy_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvemFudGFjLWhlYXJ0YnVybi1kcnVnLXJhbml0aWRpbmUtcG9zc2libGUtbGluay10by1jYW5jZXItY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1sYWItZW1lcnktcGFybWEtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGluZy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Coming or going, Meghan Markle gets the blame -- and it's because of her race - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtYmxhbWUtYWxsLXNpZGVzLXJhY2UtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtYmxhbWUtYWxsLXNpZGVzLXJhY2UtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

FDA announces more recalls of antacids containing traces of carcinogen - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9oZWFsdGgtbmV3cy9mZGEtYW5ub3VuY2VzLW1vcmUtcmVjYWxscy1hbnRhY2lkcy1jb250YWluaW5nLXRyYWNlcy1jYXJjaW5vZ2VuLW4xMTEzMTk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMxOTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Going Rogue: Prince Harry and Meghan Caught the Palace Off Guard - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2R1Y2hlc3Mtc3Vzc2V4LXByaW5jZS5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9ldXJvcGUvZHVjaGVzcy1zdXNzZXgtcHJpbmNlLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Daily Dawg Chow: Browns news (1/10/20) - Dawgs By Nature
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhd2dzYnluYXR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1OTIwNS9kYWlseS1kYXdnLWNob3ctYnJvd25zLW5ld3MtMS0xMC0yMNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhd2dzYnluYXR1cmUuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTkyMDUvZGFpbHktZGF3Zy1jaG93LWJyb3ducy1uZXdzLTEtMTAtMjA?oc=5
https://www.dawgsbynature.com

US economy adds 145,000 jobs in December - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lY29ub215L2RlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Vjb25vbXkvZGVjZW1iZXItam9icy1yZXBvcnQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Weekly jobless claims fall but number of unemployed surged to a more than 1 1/2-year high - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd2Vla2x5LWpvYmxlc3MtY2xhaW1zLmh0bWzSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93ZWVrbHktam9ibGVzcy1jbGFpbXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

NFL Playoffs 2020: Eight bold divisional round predictions, including Russell Wilson's cold weather collapse - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy0yMDIwLWVpZ2h0LWJvbGQtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1pbmNsdWRpbmctcnVzc2VsbC13aWxzb25zLWNvbGQtd2VhdGhlci1jb2xsYXBzZS_SAZEBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9uZmwvbmV3cy9uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtMjAyMC1laWdodC1ib2xkLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtaW5jbHVkaW5nLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2lsc29ucy1jb2xkLXdlYXRoZXItY29sbGFwc2UvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Elizabeth Warren's surprising closing argument - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZWxpemFiZXRoLXdhcnJlbi0yMDIwLWNsb3NpbmctYXJndW1lbnQtMDk3MDIz0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZWxpemFiZXRoLXdhcnJlbi0yMDIwLWNsb3NpbmctYXJndW1lbnQtMDk3MDIz?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

U.S. creates 145,000 new jobs in December - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS91cy1jcmVhdGVzLTE0NTAwMC1uZXctam9icy1pbi1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDIwLTAxLTEw0gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkL0FFNzVCRUQ0LTMzMDYtMTFFQS04MTdELTRGMTM3NUM4QTBEQQ?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Iran's UN ambassador says missile strikes weren't intended to kill Americans - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFuaWFuLWFtYmFzc2Fkb3ItdW4tbWlzc2lsZS1zdHJpa2Utbm90LWtpbGwtYW1lcmljYW5zLWNubnR2L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL2lyYW5pYW4tYW1iYXNzYWRvci11bi1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZS1ub3Qta2lsbC1hbWVyaWNhbnMtY25udHYvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Facial recognition creeps into everything at CES 2020 - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvYXQtY2VzLWZhY2lhbC1yZWNvZ25pdGlvbi1jcmVlcHMtaW50by1ldmVyeXRoaW5nL9IBVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9hdC1jZXMtZmFjaWFsLXJlY29nbml0aW9uLWNyZWVwcy1pbnRvLWV2ZXJ5dGhpbmcv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Bloomberg to fund sizable campaign effort through November even if he loses Democratic nomination - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vYmxvb21iZXJnLWZ1bmQtc2l6YWJsZS1jYW1wYWlnbi1lZmZvcnQtdGhyb3VnaC1ub3ZlbWJlci1ldmVuLWlmLWhlLW4xMTEzNDIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0MjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Why the 49ers took a risk and traded for Jimmy Garoppolo - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU0ODgzL3doeS00OWVycy10b29rLXJpc2stdHJhZGVkLWppbW15LWdhcm9wcG9sb9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU0ODgzL3doeS00OWVycy10b29rLXJpc2stdHJhZGVkLWppbW15LWdhcm9wcG9sbz9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Taco Bell now offers $100,000 salary jobs - FOX 59 Indianapolis
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vZm94NTkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy10bXcv0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9mb3g1OS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90YWNvLWJlbGwtdG8tc3RhcnQtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1qb2JzLXRtdy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fox59.com

A lost world in Wallacea: Description of a montane archipelagic avifauna - Science Magazine
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vc2NpZW5jZS5zY2llbmNlbWFnLm9yZy9jb250ZW50LzM2Ny82NDc0LzE2N9IBAA?oc=5
https://science.sciencemag.org

Economy added 145,000 jobs in December - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL2Vjb25vbXkvZWNvbm9teS1hZGRlZC0xNDUtMDAwLWpvYnMtZGVjZW1iZXItbjExMTM0MDHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMzQwMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

5 Top Growth Stocks You'll Want to Own in 2020 - Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUtdG9wLWdyb3d0aC1zdG9ja3MteW91bGwtd2FudC10by1vd24taW4tMjAyMC5hc3B40gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9vbC5jb20vYW1wL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUtdG9wLWdyb3d0aC1zdG9ja3MteW91bGwtd2FudC10by1vd24taW4tMjAyMC5hc3B4?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Will Smith admits he was 'not happy' with this sequel - Yahoo Celebrity
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtYWRtaXRzLWhlLXdhcy1ub3QtaGFwcHktd2l0aC10aGlzLXNlcXVlbC0wNzM0NDI1NzUuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Struggling 49ers run D focused on stopping Cook - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU2NTkvYXJ0aWNsZS9zdHJ1Z2dsaW5nLTQ5ZXJzLXJ1bi1kLWZvY3VzZWQtb24tc3RvcHBpbmctZGFsdmluLWNvb2vSAbcDaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU2NTkvYXJ0aWNsZS9zdHJ1Z2dsaW5nLTQ5ZXJzLXJ1bi1kLWZvY3VzZWQtb24tc3RvcHBpbmctZGFsdmluLWNvb2s_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRGFyb3VuZC10aGUtbGVhZ3VlO3RlYW0lM0RzZjt0ZWFtJTNEbWluO2NvbmYlM0RuZmM7ZHZzbiUzRG5jdztkdnNuJTNEbmNuO3BseXIlM0RyaWNoYXJkX3NoZXJtYW47cGx5ciUzRGFkcmlhbl9wZXRlcnNvbjtwbHlyJTNEa2lya19jb3VzaW5zJnAuY3Q9QXJvdW5kK3RoZStORkwmcC5hZHNtPXRydWUmcC50Y209JTIzZmZmJnAuYmdjMW09JTIzMDk2NGJmJnAuYmdjMm09JTIzMDUzYTc0JnNyPWFtcA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

MDH: Minnesota Flu Death Count Doubles - WCCO | CBS Minnesota
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vbWlubmVzb3RhLmNic2xvY2FsLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21kaC1taW5uZXNvdGEtZmx1LWRlYXRoLWNvdW50LWRvdWJsZXMv0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9taW5uZXNvdGEuY2JzbG9jYWwuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWRoLW1pbm5lc290YS1mbHUtZGVhdGgtY291bnQtZG91Ymxlcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://minnesota.cbslocal.com

Patti Smith Acted Like a Jerk to Bob Dylan When He Saw Her Band for the First Time - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cFhTR3FqbWRxeXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Impeachment live updates: Senate awaits word from Pelosi on articles of impeachment against Trump - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZTY1ZjVmMTYtMzM5OC0xMWVhLWEwNTMtZGM2ZDk0NGJhNzc2X3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAZABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2U2NWY1ZjE2LTMzOTgtMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Watch Patti Smith Cover Neil Young’s “After the Gold Rush” on Fallon - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dhdGNoLXBhdHRpLXNtaXRoLWNvdmVyLW5laWwteW91bmdzLWFmdGVyLXRoZS1nb2xkLXJ1c2gtb24tZmFsbG9uL9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dhdGNoLXBhdHRpLXNtaXRoLWNvdmVyLW5laWwteW91bmdzLWFmdGVyLXRoZS1nb2xkLXJ1c2gtb24tZmFsbG9uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

The Great Divide: Is Conor McGregor’s superstardom at stake at UFC 246? - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg1MjIvdGhlLWdyZWF0LWRpdmlkZS1pcy1jb25vci1tY2dyZWdvcnMtc3VwZXJzdGFyZG9tLWF0LXN0YWtlLWF0LXVmYy0yNDbSAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubW1hZmlnaHRpbmcuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg1MjIvdGhlLWdyZWF0LWRpdmlkZS1pcy1jb25vci1tY2dyZWdvcnMtc3VwZXJzdGFyZG9tLWF0LXN0YWtlLWF0LXVmYy0yNDY?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

Trump impeachment: Pelosi continues to frustrate Republicans as she puts next step on hold – live - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy9saXZlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3RydW1wLW5ld3MtdG9kYXktbGl2ZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1wZWxvc2ktaXJhbi1kZW1vY3JhdHMtMjAyMC1lbGVjdGlvbi1sYXRlc3QtdXBkYXRlc9IBiQFodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy9saXZlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3RydW1wLW5ld3MtdG9kYXktbGl2ZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1wZWxvc2ktaXJhbi1kZW1vY3JhdHMtMjAyMC1lbGVjdGlvbi1sYXRlc3QtdXBkYXRlcw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

California wants to use vacant land to house the homeless - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bXBzVGxoT3EzMk3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Iran releases images of black box from plane crash - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vdmlkZW9zL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYmxhY2stYm94LXZpZGVvLWlyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtZnJlZC1wbGVpdGdlbi1saXZlLW5ldy1kYXktaW50bC1sZG4tdnB4LmNubtIBfGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uL3ZpZGVvcy93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2JsYWNrLWJveC12aWRlby1pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWZyZWQtcGxlaXRnZW4tbGl2ZS1uZXctZGF5LWludGwtbGRuLXZweC5jbm4?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

‘Parasite’ Is Going to be a Television Series, Because of Course It Is - The Ringer
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXJpbmdlci5jb20vdHYvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5ODYxL3BhcmFzaXRlLXR2LXNob3ctaGJvLWJvbmctam9vbi1oby1hZGFtLW1ja2F50gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlcmluZ2VyLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvdHYvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5ODYxL3BhcmFzaXRlLXR2LXNob3ctaGJvLWJvbmctam9vbi1oby1hZGFtLW1ja2F5?oc=5
https://www.theringer.com

Ukrainian plane was on fire immediately before crash, Iran's initial probe says - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZmxpZ2h0LTc1Mi11a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lLXdhcy1vbi1maXJlLWJlZm9yZS1jcmFzaC1pcmFuLXNheXMuaHRtbNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2ZsaWdodC03NTItdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS13YXMtb24tZmlyZS1iZWZvcmUtY3Jhc2gtaXJhbi1zYXlzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

N.F.L. Playoff Predictions: Our Picks for the Divisional Round - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3BvcnRzL2Zvb3RiYWxsL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXBpY2tzLmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3Nwb3J0cy9mb290YmFsbC9uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1waWNrcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Iran urges US, Canadian investigators for information on Ukraine plane crash, ambassador denies site unsecure - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4tYW1iYXNzYWRvci11ay1kZW5pZXMtc2l0ZS11bnNlY3VyZS80NDI5NDMyMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyOTQzMjAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

These true wireless earbuds are rated higher than AirPods, and they’re only $27 today - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydWUtd2lyZWxlc3MtZWFyYnVkcy1hbWF6b24tZGVhbC1iZXR0ZXItcmF0aW5nLXRoYW4tYWlycG9kcy_SAVxodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVlLXdpcmVsZXNzLWVhcmJ1ZHMtYW1hem9uLWRlYWwtYmV0dGVyLXJhdGluZy10aGFuLWFpcnBvZHMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Australia Was Warned - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtd2FzLXdhcm5lZC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1idXNoZmlyZXMuaHRtbNIBVmh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtd2FzLXdhcm5lZC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1idXNoZmlyZXMuYW1w?oc=5
https://slate.com

Selena Gomez Explains Why She's Never Doing 'Overtly Sexual' Music Videos Again - TooFab
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vdG9vZmFiLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1zZXh1YWwtbXVzaWMtdmlkZW9zLXJhcmUtYWxidW0tcmVsZWFzZS1wYXJ0eS_SAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC50b29mYWIuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXNleHVhbC1tdXNpYy12aWRlb3MtcmFyZS1hbGJ1bS1yZWxlYXNlLXBhcnR5Lw?oc=5
https://toofab.com

Watch Will Smith Rap His Entire Life History on ‘Fallon’ - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtbmV3cy93aWxsLXNtaXRoLXJhcC1saWZlLWhpc3RvcnktZmFsbG9uLTkzNTkyNS_SAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5yb2xsaW5nc3RvbmUuY29tL211c2ljL211c2ljLW5ld3Mvd2lsbC1zbWl0aC1yYXAtbGlmZS1oaXN0b3J5LWZhbGxvbi05MzU5MjUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

US House votes to limit Trump war powers on Iran - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNTMyMDDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA1MzIwMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Vikings vs. 49ers Divisional Playoffs Preview: Sisyphean - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTY2MjQvbWlubmVzb3RhLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2FuLWZyYW5jaXNjby00OWVycy1wcmV2aWV3LTIwMTktZGl2aXNpb25hbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1uZmwtcGlja3PSAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGFpbHlub3JzZW1hbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1NjYyNC9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1zYW4tZnJhbmNpc2NvLTQ5ZXJzLXByZXZpZXctMjAxOS1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXBsYXlvZmZzLW5mbC1waWNrcw?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Report: Josh McDaniels’ wife on trip to Cleveland as well - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yZXBvcnQtam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtd2lmZS1vbi10cmlwLXRvLWNsZXZlbGFuZC1hcy13ZWxsL9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yZXBvcnQtam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtd2lmZS1vbi10cmlwLXRvLWNsZXZlbGFuZC1hcy13ZWxsL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Harry Hains, 'American Horror Story' actor, dead at 27 - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvdHYvbmV3cy9oYXJyeS1oYWlucy1hbWVyaWNhbi1ob3Jyb3Itc3RvcnktYWN0b3ItZGVhZC1hdC0yNy9hci1CQllPS3F40gEA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Iraqi government asks US to set mechanisms for 'safe withdrawal of troops from Iraq' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFxLXBvbXBlby10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLW1lY2hhbmlzbS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFxLXBvbXBlby10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLW1lY2hhbmlzbS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The 6 best TVs we saw at CES 2020 — from 8K OLEDs to a TV that can rotate like a smartphone - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYmVzdC10dnMtY2VzLTIwMjDSATFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2Jlc3QtdHZzLWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Astronaut Candidates to Graduate with Eye on Artemis Missions - NASA
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eG81OEVvVDk4N03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

TVs of CES 2020: 5 takeaways about this year's huge, gaudy, pricey models - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdHYtY2VzLTIwMjAtb2xlZC04ay1naWFudC1zY3JlZW5zLXRyZW5kcy1hYnNvbHV0ZS1leGNlc3Mv0gFeaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL3R2LWNlcy0yMDIwLW9sZWQtOGstZ2lhbnQtc2NyZWVucy10cmVuZHMtYWJzb2x1dGUtZXhjZXNzLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

TVs at CES 2020: a year for the mass-market - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg5ODEvY2VzLTIwMjAtdHZzLW1pZHJhbmdlLW9sZWQtbWljcm9sZWQtbGctc2Ftc3VuZy1zb255LXZpemlvLThrLTRrLWJlemVsLXByaWNl0gGEAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU4OTgxL2Nlcy0yMDIwLXR2cy1taWRyYW5nZS1vbGVkLW1pY3JvbGVkLWxnLXNhbXN1bmctc29ueS12aXppby04ay00ay1iZXplbC1wcmljZQ?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Given contract situation, Sixers should make a call soon on finger-wagging, lob-catching Pelle - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tL3BoaWxhZGVscGhpYS83NmVycy9zaXhlcnMtbm9ydmVsLXBlbGxlLXR3by13YXktY29udHJhY3QtbmJhLWJyZXR0LWJyb3duLXNpeGVycy1jZW50ZXItd2luLWJvc3Rvbi1jZWx0aWNz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

Severe weather this weekend could bring snow, ice, tornadoes to central and eastern U.S., record warm temperatures to Northeast - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdG9ybmFkb2VzLWljZS1zbm93LXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC1jZW50cmFsLWFuZC1lYXN0ZXJuLXVzL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLXRvcm5hZG9lcy1pY2Utc25vdy10aGlzLXdlZWtlbmQtY2VudHJhbC1hbmQtZWFzdGVybi11cy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Dow flirts with 29,000 despite jobs report miss - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3VzLXN0b2Nrcy1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMNIBPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3VzLXN0b2Nrcy1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Chemists report a new use for the waste product of nuclear power generation - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWNoZW1pc3RzLXByb2R1Y3QtbnVjbGVhci1wb3dlci5odG1s0gFAaHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtY2hlbWlzdHMtcHJvZHVjdC1udWNsZWFyLXBvd2VyLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Daily Dawg Tags: Josh McDaniels may want Cleveland Browns 'sweeping changes' - Dawg Pound Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vZGF3Z3BvdW5kZGFpbHkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZGFpbHktZGF3Zy10YWdzLWpvc2gtbWNkYW5pZWxzLXdhbnRzLWNsZXZlbGFuZC1icm93bnMtc3dlZXBpbmctY2hhbmdlcy_SAXFodHRwczovL2Rhd2dwb3VuZGRhaWx5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2RhaWx5LWRhd2ctdGFncy1qb3NoLW1jZGFuaWVscy13YW50cy1jbGV2ZWxhbmQtYnJvd25zLXN3ZWVwaW5nLWNoYW5nZXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://dawgpounddaily.com

Iran to download plane black box after missile blamed for crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvYm9laW5nLWpldC1jcmFzaGVzLWluLWlyYW4td2l0aC1uby1zdXJ2aXZvcnMtc2VjdXJpdHktc291cmNlcy1zZWUtdGVjaG5pY2FsLWNhdXNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjcwRUw_aWw9MNIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjgwSTM?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Elon Musk Just Dropped the Bitcoin Bomb On Twitter, Again - newsBTC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3NidGMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZWxvbi1tdXNrLWp1c3QtZHJvcHBlZC10aGUtYml0Y29pbi1ib21iLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItYWdhaW4v0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c2J0Yy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbG9uLW11c2stanVzdC1kcm9wcGVkLXRoZS1iaXRjb2luLWJvbWItb24tdHdpdHRlci1hZ2Fpbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.newsbtc.com

Microsoft is planning to phase out the Windows 10 Store for Business - ZDNet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnpkbmV0LmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL21pY3Jvc29mdC1pcy1wbGFubmluZy10by1waGFzZS1vdXQtdGhlLXdpbmRvd3MtMTAtc3RvcmUtZm9yLWJ1c2luZXNzL9IBbmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnpkbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL2FydGljbGUvbWljcm9zb2Z0LWlzLXBsYW5uaW5nLXRvLXBoYXNlLW91dC10aGUtd2luZG93cy0xMC1zdG9yZS1mb3ItYnVzaW5lc3Mv?oc=5
https://www.zdnet.com

Queen Elizabeth Is 'Devastated' in Wake of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Announcement - Entertainment Tonight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmV0b25saW5lLmNvbS9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaXMtZGV2YXN0YXRlZC1pbi13YWtlLW9mLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZXMtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LTEzOTE2ONIBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmV0b25saW5lLmNvbS9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaXMtZGV2YXN0YXRlZC1pbi13YWtlLW9mLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZXMtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LTEzOTE2OD9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.etonline.com

Harvey Weinstein's lawyer, judge get into heated exchange: 'That's against the law!' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2NlbGVicml0aWVzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1kYXktNS1jb3VydC1qdXJ5LXNlbGVjdGlvbi80NDIzMTUzMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyMzE1MzAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

US slaps new sanctions on Iran following strikes on US targets - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMtd2lsbC1zbGFwLW5ldy1zYW5jdGlvbnMtb24taXJhbi1mb2xsb3dpbmctc3RyaWtlcy1vbi11cy10YXJnZXRzLmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy13aWxsLXNsYXAtbmV3LXNhbmN0aW9ucy1vbi1pcmFuLWZvbGxvd2luZy1zdHJpa2VzLW9uLXVzLXRhcmdldHMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Hong Kong protest "grandma" reportedly detained in China - Quartz
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODI5NDgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtZ3JhbmRtYS1yZXBvcnRlZGx5LWRldGFpbmVkLWluLWNoaW5hL9IBUmh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODI5NDgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtZ3JhbmRtYS1yZXBvcnRlZGx5LWRldGFpbmVkLWluLWNoaW5hL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://qz.com

Mozilla says a new Firefox security bug is under active attack - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vdGVjaGNydW5jaC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9maXJlZm94LXNlY3VyaXR5LWJ1Zy16ZXJvLWRheS_SAQA?oc=5
https://techcrunch.com

Weinstein judge won't step down despite defense's request - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9saWZlc3R5bGUvd2VpbnN0ZWluLWp1ZGdlLXdvbnQtc3RlcC1kb3duLWRlZmVuc2VzLXJlcXVlc3TSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbGlmZXN0eWxlL3dlaW5zdGVpbi1qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtZG93bi1kZWZlbnNlcy1yZXF1ZXN0LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Fargo Season 4 Trailer Finds Chris Rock Running a 1950s Crime Family - Collider.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiN2h0dHBzOi8vY29sbGlkZXIuY29tL2ZhcmdvLXNlYXNvbi00LXRyYWlsZXItY2hyaXMtcm9jay_SAQA?oc=5
https://collider.com

U.S. Job Growth Cools In December As Employers Add 145000 Jobs - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTQ5OTg1MjcvdS1zLWpvYi1ncm93dGgtY29vbHMtaW4tZGVjZW1iZXItYXMtZW1wbG95ZXJzLWFkZC0xNDUtMDAwLWpvYnPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Iran to analyze black box after missile blamed for crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtaXJhbi1jcmFzaC9pcmFuLXRvLWRvd25sb2FkLXBsYW5lLWJsYWNrLWJveC1hZnRlci1taXNzaWxlLWJsYW1lZC1mb3ItY3Jhc2gtaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBSVNIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjkwUlQ?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Tens of thousands protest Australian PM's climate policies amid bushfire crisis - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1tb3JyaXNvbi1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1tb3JyaXNvbi1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Hock a loogie in your palm and watch this quirky trailer for Fargo's fourth season - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL2hvY2stYS1sb29naWUtaW4teW91ci1wYWxtLWFuZC13YXRjaC10aGlzLXF1aXJreS10cmFpbGUtMTg0MDkyNjAyONIBXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL2hvY2stYS1sb29naWUtaW4teW91ci1wYWxtLWFuZC13YXRjaC10aGlzLXF1aXJreS10cmFpbGUtMTg0MDkyNjAyOC9hbXA?oc=5
https://news.avclub.com

Lose fat in your tongue to improve sleep apnea, study says - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvdG9uZ3VlLWZhdC1zbGVlcC1hcG5lYS13ZWxsbmVzcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvdG9uZ3VlLWZhdC1zbGVlcC1hcG5lYS13ZWxsbmVzcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Dow hits a new record: 29,000 points - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC_SAU5odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ludmVzdGluZy9kb3ctc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LTI5MDAwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Tesla powering up to dominate China - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3Rlc2xhLXN0b2NrLWNoaW5hLWRvbWluYXRpb24tcG9zc2libGXSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy90ZXNsYS1zdG9jay1jaGluYS1kb21pbmF0aW9uLXBvc3NpYmxlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

CES 2020 Verge Awards: the best tech from the Consumer Electronics Show - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg4NTAvY2VzLTIwMjAtdmVyZ2UtYXdhcmRzLWJlc3QtbGFwdG9wLXR2LXRlY2gtcGMtY29uY2VwdC1nYWRnZXTSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1ODg1MC9jZXMtMjAyMC12ZXJnZS1hd2FyZHMtYmVzdC1sYXB0b3AtdHYtdGVjaC1wYy1jb25jZXB0LWdhZGdldA?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Rep. Doug Collins: Pelosi 'disingenuous,' impeachment to suffer 'quick death' in Senate - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3JlcC1kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtcGVsb3NpLW1jY29ubmVsbC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy1hcmVuYS1kaXNpbmdlbnVvdXPSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9tZWRpYS9yZXAtZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLXBlbG9zaS1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtYXJlbmEtZGlzaW5nZW51b3VzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Harvey Weinstein Rape Trial Defense Team Wants Media Shut Out Of Jury Selection - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLW1lZGlhLXNodXQtb3V0LWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1vdGlvbi0xMjAyODI2NzIyL9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLW1lZGlhLXNodXQtb3V0LWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1vdGlvbi0xMjAyODI2NzIyL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Galaxy S20, Galaxy Bloom, and more tech news you need to know today - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL3RlY2gtbmV3cy0xMy0xMDczNjgzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Meghan flies back to Canada; Prince Harry in 'crisis' talks with Prince Charles - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbWVnaGFuLWZsaWVzLWJhY2stdG8tY2FuYWRhLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1pbi1jcmlzaXMtdGFsa3Mtd2l0aC1wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUyMzdjYzU0LTMzOTUtMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Chris Harrison Says He Isn't Against Hannah Brown Being the Star of 'The Bachelorette' Despite Being a 'Train Wreck' - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMingFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2NocmlzLWhhcnJpc29uLXNheXMtaGUtaXNudC1hZ2FpbnN0LWhhbm5haC1icm93bi1iZWluZy10aGUtc3Rhci1vZi10aGUtYmFjaGVsb3JldHRlLWRlc3BpdGUtYmVpbmctYS10cmFpbi13cmVjay5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Trump administration hits Iran with new economic sanctions - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24tYW5ub3VuY2UtbmV3LWVjb25vbWljLXNhbmN0aW9ucy1pcmFuLzQ0Mjk5MzUwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDI5OTM1MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

What Will Prince Harry and Meghan Do Now? - QuickTake by Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TUdveUM3SkdKd2fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump administration hits Iran with fresh sanctions after attack on U.S. forces - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Mike Pompeo: 'We don't know precisely' when or where Soleimani planned to attack - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9tcGVvLXdlLWRvbnQta25vdy1wcmVjaXNlbHktd2hlbi1vci13aGVyZS1zb2xlaW1hbmktcGxhbm5lZC10by1hdHRhY2suaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbXBlby13ZS1kb250LWtub3ctcHJlY2lzZWx5LXdoZW4tb3Itd2hlcmUtc29sZWltYW5pLXBsYW5uZWQtdG8tYXR0YWNrLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Galaxy Fold 2 Might Get an Unexpected Name, S11 Too - Droid Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRyb2lkLWxpZmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcmVwb3J0LWdhbGF4eS1mb2xkLTItaXMtY2FsbGVkLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1nYWxheHktczExLXdpbGwtZGVmaW5pdGVseS1qdW1wLXRvLXMyMC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.droid-life.com

Vermont bill would ban cellphones for anyone under 21 | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc3RhdGUtd2F0Y2gvNDc3NjU1LXZlcm1vbnQtYmlsbC13b3VsZC1iYW4tY2VsbHBob25lcy1mb3ItYW55b25lLXVuZGVyLTIx0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9zdGF0ZS13YXRjaC80Nzc2NTUtdmVybW9udC1iaWxsLXdvdWxkLWJhbi1jZWxscGhvbmVzLWZvci1hbnlvbmUtdW5kZXItMjE_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

The Supreme Court can review an unfair impeachment trial - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vb3V0bG9vay90aGUtc3VwcmVtZS1jb3VydC1jYW4tcmV2aWV3LWFuLXVuZmFpci1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzAwZGFlOTdjLTMyZmEtMTFlYS05MWZkLTgyZDRlMDRhM2ZhY19zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGpAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9vdXRsb29rL3RoZS1zdXByZW1lLWNvdXJ0LWNhbi1yZXZpZXctYW4tdW5mYWlyLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvMDBkYWU5N2MtMzJmYS0xMWVhLTkxZmQtODJkNGUwNGEzZmFjX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

‘Fargo’ Season 4: FX Drops Trailer, Chris Rock Explains Acting Via the New England Patriots - IndieWire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZGlld2lyZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9mYXJnby1zZWFzb24tNC10cmFpbGVyLXdhdGNoLWNocmlzLXJvY2stdGt0ay0xMjAyMjAyMDE4L9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZGlld2lyZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9mYXJnby1zZWFzb24tNC10cmFpbGVyLXdhdGNoLWNocmlzLXJvY2stdGt0ay0xMjAyMjAyMDE4L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.indiewire.com

‘Chaos Is the Point’: Russian Hackers and Trolls Grow Stealthier in 2020 - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvcnVzc2lhLWhhY2tpbmctZGlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tZWxlY3Rpb24uaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvcnVzc2lhLWhhY2tpbmctZGlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tZWxlY3Rpb24uYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Duchess Meghan returns to Canada to reunite with Archie after bombshell announcement - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy55YWhvby5jb20vZHVjaGVzcy1tZWdoYW4tcmV0dXJucy1jYW5hZGEtcmV1bml0ZS1hcmNoaWUtYm9tYnNoZWxsLWFubm91bmNlbWVudC0xMjI2Mzk0NDYtLWFiYy1uZXdzLWNlbGVicml0aWVzLmh0bWzSAYcBaHR0cHM6Ly9uZXdzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2R1Y2hlc3MtbWVnaGFuLXJldHVybnMtY2FuYWRhLXJldW5pdGUtYXJjaGllLWJvbWJzaGVsbC1hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQtMTIyNjM5NDQ2LS1hYmMtbmV3cy1jZWxlYnJpdGllcy5odG1s?oc=5
https://news.yahoo.com

Trump admin hits Iran with new sanctions, targets 8 officials involved in 'destabilizing activities' - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMioQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9uYXRpb25hbC1zZWN1cml0eS90cnVtcC1hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbi1hbm5vdW5jZXMtc2FuY3Rpb25zLXRhcmdldGluZy1pcmFuaWFuLWxlYWRlcnMtY29uc3RydWN0aW9uLW1hbnVmYWN0dXJpbmctdGV4dGlsZS1uMTExMzQ5NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNDk2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

'x is y': Elon Musk sent a cryptic tweet in response to his partner Grimes as rumors about her apparent pregnancy swirl - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vZWxvbi1tdXNrLXNlbmRzLWNyeXB0aWMtdHdlZXQtYWJvdXQtZ3JpbWVzLXByZWduYW5jeS1ydW1vcnMtMjAyMC0x0gFiaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9lbG9uLW11c2stc2VuZHMtY3J5cHRpYy10d2VldC1hYm91dC1ncmltZXMtcHJlZ25hbmN5LXJ1bW9ycy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

U.S. Says It Won’t Discuss Withdrawing Troops from Iraq, as Iraq’s Leader Requested - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFxLXVzLXRyb29wcy5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYXEtdXMtdHJvb3BzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

A Vermont bill would ban cellphones for anyone under 21 - INSIDER
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmluc2lkZXIuY29tL3Zlcm1vbnQtYmlsbC1jZWxsLXBob25lLWJhbi1tb2JpbGUtMjEtMjAyMC0x0gFEaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdmVybW9udC1iaWxsLWNlbGwtcGhvbmUtYmFuLW1vYmlsZS0yMS0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.insider.com

US firefighters applauded on arrival in Australia | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc1MzctdXMtZmlyZWZpZ2h0ZXJzLWFwcGxhdWRlZC1vbi1hcnJpdmFsLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYdIBamh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc1MzctdXMtZmlyZWZpZ2h0ZXJzLWFwcGxhdWRlZC1vbi1hcnJpdmFsLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYT9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

More generic Zantac drugs recalled as fears linger over cancer risk - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dlbmVyaWMtdmVyc2lvbnMtemFudGFjLXJlY2FsbGVkLWNhbmNlci1mZGEvNDQyOTYzMTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0Mjk2MzEwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Lindsey Graham introduces resolution demanding House send over impeachment articles - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWxpbmRzZXktZ3JhaGFtLWludHJvZHVjZXMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi1kZW1hbmRpbmctaG91c2Utc2VuZC1vdmVyLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWFydGljbGVzL9IBhwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy90cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1saW5kc2V5LWdyYWhhbS1pbnRyb2R1Y2VzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tZGVtYW5kaW5nLWhvdXNlLXNlbmQtb3Zlci1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

5 things to know for January 10: Iran, Brexit, infrastructure, China, Taiwan - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9maXZlLXRoaW5ncy1qYW51YXJ5LTEwLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvZml2ZS10aGluZ3MtamFudWFyeS0xMC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

US imposes sanctions on Iranian steel and other metals - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy91cy1zYW5jdGlvbnMtaXJhbi1tbnVjaGluL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL3VzLXNhbmN0aW9ucy1pcmFuLW1udWNoaW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Here's where the jobs are — in one chart - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGVyZXMtd2hlcmUtdGhlLWpvYnMtYXJlLWZvci1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWluLW9uZS1jaGFydC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGVyZXMtd2hlcmUtdGhlLWpvYnMtYXJlLWZvci1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWluLW9uZS1jaGFydC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Pelosi says House not voting on impeachment managers Friday as Senate trial delay continues - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2ktaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdm90ZS1mcmlkYXkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9saXRpY3MvbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXZvdGUtZnJpZGF5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The Wolf Moon Lunar Eclipse of 2020 Occurs Today: How to Watch Online - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS0yMDIwLXdlYmNhc3RzLmh0bWzSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5zcGFjZS5jb20vYW1wL3dvbGYtbW9vbi1sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlLTIwMjAtd2ViY2FzdHMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Sleep apnea may be tied to tongue fat - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vSGVhbHRoL3NsZWVwLWFwbmVhLXRpZWQtdG9uZ3VlLWZhdC1zdHVkeS1maW5kcy9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE5NDM3N9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vYW1wL0hlYWx0aC9zbGVlcC1hcG5lYS10aWVkLXRvbmd1ZS1mYXQtc3R1ZHktZmluZHMvc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxOTQzNzc?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

U.S. Says It Won’t Discuss Withdrawing Troops from Iraq, as Iraq’s Leader Requested - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91cy10cm9vcHMuaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91cy10cm9vcHMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Kentucky Republicans push restrictive voting law after landmark Democratic win - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL2tlbnR1Y2t5LXJlcHVibGljYW5zLXZvdGVyLWZyYXVk0gFQaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3VzLW5ld3MvMjAyMC9qYW4vMTAva2VudHVja3ktcmVwdWJsaWNhbnMtdm90ZXItZnJhdWQ?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Will Smith calls one role he turned down the 'one that got away' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtbWF0cml4LWppbW15LWZhbGxvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtbWF0cml4LWppbW15LWZhbGxvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Shanahan vs. Zimmer: Why history and familiarity give the 49ers offense the advantage - Niners Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5pbmVyc25hdGlvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU4NjMwLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2hhbmFoYW4temltbWVyLWdhcm9wcG9sby1tYXRjaHVwcy1raXR0bGXSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5uaW5lcnNuYXRpb24uY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg2MzAvNDllcnMtdmlraW5ncy1zaGFuYWhhbi16aW1tZXItZ2Fyb3Bwb2xvLW1hdGNodXBzLWtpdHRsZQ?oc=5
https://www.ninersnation.com

The Queen Seen for First Time Since Harry and Meghan News, Looks Angry - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtZHJpdmluZy1sb29rcy11bmhhcHB5LWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1sZWF2aW5nLXJveWFsLWZhbWlseS_SAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcXVlZW4tZWxpemFiZXRoLWRyaXZpbmctbG9va3MtdW5oYXBweS1oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tbGVhdmluZy1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHkv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Coyotes may have attacked Chicagoans twice this week after years of leaving people alone - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NveW90ZXMtbWF5LWhhdmUtYXR0YWNrZWQtY2hpY2Fnb2Fucy10d2ljZS10aGlzLXdlZWstYWZ0ZXIteWVhcnMtbGVhdmluZy1wZW9wbGUtYWxvbmUv0gGXAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY295b3Rlcy1tYXktaGF2ZS1hdHRhY2tlZC1jaGljYWdvYW5zLXR3aWNlLXRoaXMtd2Vlay1hZnRlci15ZWFycy1sZWF2aW5nLXBlb3BsZS1hbG9uZS8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Full Wolf Moon Eclipse 2020: Watch January's Penumbral Lunar Eclipse Live Online - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tZWNsaXBzZS1ob3ctd2F0Y2gtMjAyMC0xNDgxMjQ40gFHaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL3dvbGYtbW9vbi1lY2xpcHNlLWhvdy13YXRjaC0yMDIwLTE0ODEyNDg_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Feds: Surveillance video of Epstein's jail cell lost - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MkY4TWxqQmx6dzDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump’s Toledo rally: His taunts of Schiff are like a parody of a bully - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzcxL3RydW1wLXRvbGVkby1yYWxseS1zY2hpZmYtc29sZWltYW5p0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzcxL3RydW1wLXRvbGVkby1yYWxseS1zY2hpZmYtc29sZWltYW5p?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Google's Pixel 4 hits its lowest price yet on Amazon - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dvb2dsZS1waXhlbC00LXNhbGUtYW1hem9uL9IBQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9nb29nbGUtcGl4ZWwtNC1zYWxlLWFtYXpvbi8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Pelosi will send articles of impeachment to Senate next week - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGVsb3NpLWFubm91bmNlcy1uZXh0LXN0ZXBzLWZvci10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by1zZW5hdGUuaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BlbG9zaS1hbm5vdW5jZXMtbmV4dC1zdGVwcy1mb3ItdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtdG8tc2VuYXRlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

How China's Mystery Pneumonia Illness is Different From SARS - QuickTake by Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eUhaVTU4VWJVVkHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The best laptops of CES 2020 - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Vm1ITGtVejQ3NWfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Anthony Davis is questionable for game against Dallas - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9sYWtlcnMvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9sYWtlcnMtYW50aG9ueS1kYXZpc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

North Carolina man, dubbed the 'Bad Wig Bandit', sought for 3 bank heists - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2JhZC13aWctYmFuZGl0LXNvdWdodC1pbi0zLW5vcnRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWJhbmstaGVpc3Rz0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvYmFkLXdpZy1iYW5kaXQtc291Z2h0LWluLTMtbm9ydGgtY2Fyb2xpbmEtYmFuay1oZWlzdHMuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Video shows the moment of plane crash in Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2NjdHYtdWtyYWluZS1pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9jY3R2LXVrcmFpbmUtaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pelosi prepares to send articles of impeachment to Senate, will consult with Democrats on Tuesday - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9wb2xpdGljcy1uZXdzL3BlbG9zaS1wcmVwYXJlcy1zZW5kLWFydGljbGVzLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXNlbmF0ZS13aWxsLWNvbnN1bHQtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWFib3V0LW4xMTEzNjIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM2MjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Where are the jobs? These sectors hired the most workers in December - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3doZXJlLWFyZS10aGUtam9icy10aGVzZS1zZWN0b3JzLWhpcmVkLXRoZS1tb3N0LXdvcmtlcnMtaW4tZGVjZW1iZXLSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy93aGVyZS1hcmUtdGhlLWpvYnMtdGhlc2Utc2VjdG9ycy1oaXJlZC10aGUtbW9zdC13b3JrZXJzLWluLWRlY2VtYmVyLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Late for Work 1/10: Pundits' Predictions for Ravens vs. Titans - BaltimoreRavens.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhbHRpbW9yZXJhdmVucy5jb20vbmV3cy9sYXRlLWZvci13b3JrLTEtMTAtcHVuZGl0cy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1mb3ItcmF2ZW5zLXZzLXRpdGFuc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.baltimoreravens.com

CES 2020 recap: Day three - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Nlcy0yMDIwLXJlY2FwLWRheS10aHJlZS_SAUFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lbmdhZGdldC5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2VzLTIwMjAtcmVjYXAtZGF5LXRocmVlLw?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

First on CNN: Russian warship 'aggressively approached' US destroyer in Arabian Sea - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9ydXNzaWFuLXdhcnNoaXAtdXMtYWlyY3JhZnQtY2Fycmllci12aWRlby9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9ydXNzaWFuLXdhcnNoaXAtdXMtYWlyY3JhZnQtY2Fycmllci12aWRlby9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

An appreciation of the efficient anomaly that is the Lakers - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbi1hcHByZWNpYXRpb24tb2YtdGhlLWVmZmljaWVudC1hbm9tYWx5LXRoYXQtaXMtdGhlLWxha2Vycy0xNjUzMzY4NDMuaHRtbNIBa2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2FuLWFwcHJlY2lhdGlvbi1vZi10aGUtZWZmaWNpZW50LWFub21hbHktdGhhdC1pcy10aGUtbGFrZXJzLTE2NTMzNjg0My5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Lamar Jackson’s Quarterback Guru Teaches High-School English - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvbGFtYXItamFja3NvbnMtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2stZ3VydS10ZWFjaGVzLWhpZ2gtc2Nob29sLWVuZ2xpc2gtMTE1Nzg2NjEyMzTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

R. Kelly 'Survivor' Kitti Jones Dishes Advice to Azriel Clary - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zdXJ2aXZpbmctci1rZWxseS1raXR0aS1qb25lcy1hZHZpY2UtYXpyaWVsLWNsYXJ5LWpveWNlbHluLXNhdmFnZS1maWdodC_SAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3Vydml2aW5nLXIta2VsbHkta2l0dGktam9uZXMtYWR2aWNlLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS1qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2UtZmlnaHQv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

People are still dying from mysterious vaping illness, even as outbreak slows - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcGVvcGxlLWFyZS1zdGlsbC1keWluZy1mcm9tLW15c3RlcmlvdXMtdmFwaW5nLWlsbG5lc3MtYXMtb3V0YnJlYWstc2xvd3MuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3Blb3BsZS1hcmUtc3RpbGwtZHlpbmctZnJvbS1teXN0ZXJpb3VzLXZhcGluZy1pbGxuZXNzLWFzLW91dGJyZWFrLXNsb3dzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Trump falsely claims credit for lower cancer rates, faces pushback - MSNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHA6Ly93d3cubXNuYmMuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1tYWRkb3ctc2hvdy90cnVtcC1mYWxzZWx5LWNsYWltcy1jcmVkaXQtbG93ZXItY2FuY2VyLXJhdGVzLWZhY2VzLXB1c2hiYWNr0gFpaHR0cDovL3d3dy5tc25iYy5jb20vcmFjaGVsLW1hZGRvdy1zaG93L3RydW1wLWZhbHNlbHktY2xhaW1zLWNyZWRpdC1sb3dlci1jYW5jZXItcmF0ZXMtZmFjZXMtcHVzaGJhY2svYW1w?oc=5
http://www.msnbc.com

First full moon of the new decade comes with lunar eclipse - WCPO Cincinnati
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndjcG8uY29tL2xpZmVzdHlsZS93b2xmLW1vb24tMjAyMC10aGUtZmlyc3QtZnVsbC1tb29uLW9mLXRoZS1uZXctZGVjYWRlLWNvaW5jaWRlcy13aXRoLWx1bmFyLWVjbGlwc2XSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy53Y3BvLmNvbS9saWZlc3R5bGUvd29sZi1tb29uLTIwMjAtdGhlLWZpcnN0LWZ1bGwtbW9vbi1vZi10aGUtbmV3LWRlY2FkZS1jb2luY2lkZXMtd2l0aC1sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlP19hbXA9dHJ1ZQ?oc=5
https://www.wcpo.com

Australia's Wildfires Spark Disinformation Battle As They Take A Tragic Toll - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyMTgwOTIvYXVzdHJhbGlhcy13aWxkZmlyZXMtc3BhcmstZGlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tYmF0dGxlLWFzLXRoZXktdGFrZS1hLXRyYWdpYy10b2xs0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

R. Kelly's GF Joycelyn Savage Secretly Met Her Family at Courthouse - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yLWtlbGx5LWdpcmxmcmllbmQtam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlLXNlY3JldC1tZWV0aW5nLWZhbWlseS_SAVhodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvci1rZWxseS1naXJsZnJpZW5kLWpveWNlbHluLXNhdmFnZS1zZWNyZXQtbWVldGluZy1mYW1pbHkv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Pelosi To Send Articles Of Impeachment To Senate Next Week - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUxOTQzOTgvcGVsb3NpLXRvLXNlbmQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtb2YtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdG8tc2VuYXRlLW5leHQtd2Vla9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

'There's something here': teen discovers new planet while interning at Nasa - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3dvbGYtY3VraWVyLW5hc2EtdGVlbi1pbnRlcm4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldNIBXWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3dvbGYtY3VraWVyLW5hc2EtdGVlbi1pbnRlcm4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldA?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

A ‘megafire’ measuring 1.5 million acres forms in Australia as bushfires merge - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWVnYWZpcmUtbWVhc3VyaW5nLTE1LW1pbGxpb24tYWNyZXMtZm9ybXMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2gtZmlyZXMtbWVyZ2Uv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWVnYWZpcmUtbWVhc3VyaW5nLTE1LW1pbGxpb24tYWNyZXMtZm9ybXMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2gtZmlyZXMtbWVyZ2UvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

State Department tells Iraq it will not discuss US troop withdrawal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3RhdGUtZGVwYXJ0bWVudC10ZWxscy1pcmFxLWl0LXdpbGwtbm90LWRpc2N1c3MtdXMtdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3RhdGUtZGVwYXJ0bWVudC10ZWxscy1pcmFxLWl0LXdpbGwtbm90LWRpc2N1c3MtdXMtdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Dreamed Of This - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bWE2d3I1bVRzYmfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dow soars past 29,000 for first time, brushing off weak jobs report - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL21hcmtldHMvZG93LXNvYXJzLXBhc3QtMjktMDAwLWZpcnN0LXRpbWUtYnJ1c2hpbmctd2Vhay1qb2JzLW4xMTEzNDgx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0ODE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Pelosi Alerts House to Be Ready to Send Impeachment Articles Next Week - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcGVsb3NpLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VzL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXBlbG9zaS5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Chris Haynes on Lakers' title chances, Kyrie in Brooklyn and Luka Doncic's future | NBA | THE HERD - The Herd with Colin Cowherd
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dElQWm5yMVc1SkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Conor McGregor releases training footage ahead of return at UFC 246 - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk5ODgvY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItcmVsZWFzZXMtdHJhaW5pbmctZm9vdGFnZS1haGVhZC1vZi1yZXR1cm4tYXQtdWZjLTI0NtIBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTg4L2Nvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLXJlbGVhc2VzLXRyYWluaW5nLWZvb3RhZ2UtYWhlYWQtb2YtcmV0dXJuLWF0LXVmYy0yNDY?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

Meet NASA's first astronaut graduates of the Artemis program, eligible for missions to the moon and Mars - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9uYXNhLWFzdHJvbmF1dC1hcnRlbWlzLWNsYXNzLXNjbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9uYXNhLWFzdHJvbmF1dC1hcnRlbWlzLWNsYXNzLXNjbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Apple Slashes Estimated Trade-In Values of iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Apple Watch Models Overnight - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hcHBsZS1zbGFzaGVzLWVzdGltYXRlZC1kZXZpY2UtdHJhZGUtaW4tdmFsdWVzL9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hcHBsZS1zbGFzaGVzLWVzdGltYXRlZC1kZXZpY2UtdHJhZGUtaW4tdmFsdWVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

Kevin Durant, Kendrick Perkins feud on Twitter over 'weakest move in NBA history' and OKC's greatest player - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25iYS9uZXdzL2tldmluLWR1cmFudC1rZW5kcmljay1wZXJraW5zLWZldWQtb24tdHdpdHRlci1vdmVyLXdlYWtlc3QtbW92ZS1pbi1uYmEtaGlzdG9yeS1hbmQtb2tjcy1ncmVhdGVzdC1wbGF5ZXIv0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmJhL25ld3Mva2V2aW4tZHVyYW50LWtlbmRyaWNrLXBlcmtpbnMtZmV1ZC1vbi10d2l0dGVyLW92ZXItd2Vha2VzdC1tb3ZlLWluLW5iYS1oaXN0b3J5LWFuZC1va2NzLWdyZWF0ZXN0LXBsYXllci9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Missile 'highly likely' took down Ukraine flight in Tehran - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9YkFUOG1Vdnl2aknSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

California plans to launch own prescription drug label | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NDk0LWNhbGlmb3JuaWEtcGxhbnMtdG8tbGF1bmNoLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NDk0LWNhbGlmb3JuaWEtcGxhbnMtdG8tbGF1bmNoLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

CBP Says Enforcement Actions At U.S.-Mexico Border Down For 7th Straight Month - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUxNTY5NTgvY2JwLXNheXMtZW5mb3JjZW1lbnQtYWN0aW9ucy1hdC11LXMtbWV4aWNvLWJvcmRlci1kb3duLWZvci03dGgtc3RyYWlnaHQtbW9udGjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Dow Jones Higher Despite Weak Jobs Report; Intel Leads, But Walmart Weighs - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLWluZHVzdHJpYWwtYXZlcmFnZS1sb3dlci13ZWFrLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0LWNvc3Rjby1pbnRlbC13YWxtYXJ0L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Judge Comes Down Harshly on Harvey Weinstein Team’s Attempt to Ban Media From Jury Selection - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1lZGlhLTEyMDM0NjMwMzgv0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly92YXJpZXR5LmNvbS8yMDIwL2ZpbG0vbmV3cy9oYXJ2ZXktd2VpbnN0ZWluLXJhcGUtdHJpYWwtanVyeS1zZWxlY3Rpb24tbWVkaWEtMTIwMzQ2MzAzOC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://variety.com

Machine keeping man alive after flu complications leave him in critical condition - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vZm94OC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9tYWNoaW5lLWtlZXBpbmctbWFuLWFsaXZlLWFmdGVyLWZsdS1jb21wbGljYXRpb25zLWxlYXZlLWhpbS1pbi1jcml0aWNhbC1jb25kaXRpb24v0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly9mb3g4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL21hY2hpbmUta2VlcGluZy1tYW4tYWxpdmUtYWZ0ZXItZmx1LWNvbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMtbGVhdmUtaGltLWluLWNyaXRpY2FsLWNvbmRpdGlvbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fox8.com

College professor fired for joking about Trump's 52 cultural sites tweet - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL2NvbGxlZ2UtcHJvZmVzc29yLWZpcmVkLXRydW1wLTUyLWN1bHR1cmFsLXNpdGVzLXR3ZWV0LWpva2XSAWpodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9jb2xsZWdlLXByb2Zlc3Nvci1maXJlZC10cnVtcC01Mi1jdWx0dXJhbC1zaXRlcy10d2VldC1qb2tl?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Marianne Williamson ends 2020 presidential campaign - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9tYXJpYW5uZS13aWxsaWFtc29uLWVuZHMtMjAyMC1jYW1wYWlnbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9tYXJpYW5uZS13aWxsaWFtc29uLWVuZHMtMjAyMC1jYW1wYWlnbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Prince Harry feared his mental health was at risk ahead of Megxit - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktZmVhcmVkLWhpcy1tZW50YWwtaGVhbHRoLXdhcy1hdC1yaXNrLWFoZWFkLW9mLW1lZ3hpdC_SAWVodHRwczovL3BhZ2VzaXguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWZlYXJlZC1oaXMtbWVudGFsLWhlYWx0aC13YXMtYXQtcmlzay1haGVhZC1vZi1tZWd4aXQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Prince Charles threatens to cut off funding to Prince Harry and Meghan - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy10aHJlYXRlbnMtdG8tY3V0LW9mZi1mdW5kaW5nLXRvLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuL9IBamh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy10aHJlYXRlbnMtdG8tY3V0LW9mZi1mdW5kaW5nLXRvLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

NASA graduates new class of astronauts to join Artemis-era missions - collectSPACE.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHA6Ly93d3cuY29sbGVjdHNwYWNlLmNvbS9uZXdzL25ld3MtMDExMDIwYS1uYXNhLWFzdHJvbmF1dC1jbGFzcy10dXJ0bGVzLWdyYWR1YXRpb24uaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
http://www.collectspace.com

Marianne Williamson Drops Out of 2020 Race - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcGluZy1vdXQuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcGluZy1vdXQuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

'Doctor Strange' director Scott Derrickson: 'Marvel and I have mutually agreed to part ways' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9tb3ZpZXMvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1kaXJlY3Rvci1zY290dC1kZXJyaWNrc29uLWxlYXZlcy1zZXF1ZWwvNDQyOTQzMzAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0Mjk0MzMwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Iran plane crash: Why were so many Canadians on board? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNTMyMjDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA1MzIyMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Florida teacher facing charges, placed on leave after manhandling student: reports - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2Zsb3JpZGEtdGVhY2hlci1jaGFyZ2VkLXdpdGgtYmF0dGVyeS1mb3ItYWxsZWdlZGx5LXBoeXNpY2FsbHktcmVtb3ZpbmctMTQteWVhci1vbGQtZnJvbS1jbGFzc3Jvb23SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvZmxvcmlkYS10ZWFjaGVyLWNoYXJnZWQtd2l0aC1iYXR0ZXJ5LWZvci1hbGxlZ2VkbHktcGh5c2ljYWxseS1yZW1vdmluZy0xNC15ZWFyLW9sZC1mcm9tLWNsYXNzcm9vbS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Doctor Strange Director Scott Derrickson Breaks Silence On Leaving The Multiverse Of Madness - CinemaBlend
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaW5lbWFibGVuZC5jb20vbmV3cy8yNDg4MjA3L2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLWRpcmVjdG9yLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tYnJlYWtzLXNpbGVuY2Utb24tbGVhdmluZy10aGUtbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1vZi1tYWRuZXNz0gGFAWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNpbmVtYWJsZW5kLmNvbS9uZXdzLzI0ODgyMDcvZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2UtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1icmVha3Mtc2lsZW5jZS1vbi1sZWF2aW5nLXRoZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW9mLW1hZG5lc3M?oc=5
https://www.cinemablend.com

Trump Administration Announces Additional Sanctions Against Iran - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyMjQ2NjIvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24tYW5ub3VuY2VzLW1vcmUtZWNvbm9taWMtc2FuY3Rpb25zLWFnYWluc3QtaXJhbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Facebook, Tesla and Netflix comebacks show how investors can overreact to headlines and miss out - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZhY2Vib29rLXRlc2xhLWFuZC1uZXRmbGl4LWNvbWViYWNrcy1zaG93LWhvdy1pbnZlc3RvcnMtY2FuLW92ZXJyZWFjdC10by1oZWFkbGluZXMtYW5kLW1pc3Mtb3V0Lmh0bWzSAYgBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmFjZWJvb2stdGVzbGEtYW5kLW5ldGZsaXgtY29tZWJhY2tzLXNob3ctaG93LWludmVzdG9ycy1jYW4tb3ZlcnJlYWN0LXRvLWhlYWRsaW5lcy1hbmQtbWlzcy1vdXQuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Dangerous storm brings severe weather from tornadoes to snow l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aDdpandJOW5TNVHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Two people attacked by coyotes in Chicago - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eUdCNmluOUN2cWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

'Why are we celebrating her body?': Jillian Michaels slammed for comments about Lizzo - Atlanta Journal Constitution
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vbmV3cy93aHktYXJlLWNlbGVicmF0aW5nLWhlci1ib2R5LWppbGxpYW4tbWljaGFlbHMtc2xhbW1lZC1mb3ItY29tbWVudHMtYWJvdXQtbGl6em8vNFJncDByUDZLUWVWZzNma1YzbXhLTS_SAYcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWpjLmNvbS9uZXdzL3doeS1hcmUtY2VsZWJyYXRpbmctaGVyLWJvZHktamlsbGlhbi1taWNoYWVscy1zbGFtbWVkLWZvci1jb21tZW50cy1hYm91dC1saXp6by80UmdwMHJQNktRZVZnM2ZrVjNteEtNL2FtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.ajc.com

Marianne Williamson drops out of 2020 presidential race - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQtMjAyMC1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtcmFjZS1uMTExMzY3NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNjc2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Lizzo Issued A NSFW Clapback After Jillian Michaels Commented On Her Health And I'm Clutching My Pearls - BuzzFeed
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1enpmZWVkLmNvbS90ZXJyeWNhcnRlci9saXp6by1yZXNwb25zZS10by1qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWNvbW1lbnRzLW9uLWhlci1oZWFsdGjSAWZodHRwczovL3d3dy5idXp6ZmVlZC5jb20vYW1waHRtbC90ZXJyeWNhcnRlci9saXp6by1yZXNwb25zZS10by1qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWNvbW1lbnRzLW9uLWhlci1oZWFsdGg?oc=5
https://www.buzzfeed.com

Cancer risks prompt FDA to recall more heartburn medication - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9yZXRhaWwvZmRhLXJlY2FsbC1yYW5pdGlkaW5lLXRhYmxldHPSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vcmV0YWlsL2ZkYS1yZWNhbGwtcmFuaXRpZGluZS10YWJsZXRzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

NASA's Newest Astronauts Ready for Space Station, Moon & Mars Missions - NASA/JPL Edu News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5hc2EuZ292L3ByZXNzLXJlbGVhc2UvbmFzYS1zLW5ld2VzdC1hc3Ryb25hdXRzLXJlYWR5LWZvci1zcGFjZS1zdGF0aW9uLW1vb24tYW5kLW1hcnMtbWlzc2lvbnPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.nasa.gov

OnePlus promises to unveil new ‘screen technology’ on January 13th at China event - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAxNTkvb25lcGx1cy1uZXctc2NyZWVuLXRlY2gtc2hlbnpoZW4tY2hpbmEtZXZlbnQtZGF0ZdIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMTU5L29uZXBsdXMtbmV3LXNjcmVlbi10ZWNoLXNoZW56aGVuLWNoaW5hLWV2ZW50LWRhdGU?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

US unsuccessfully targeted another Iranian military official on same day as Soleimani - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy91cy15ZW1lbi1pcmFuLW9wZXJhdGlvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy91cy15ZW1lbi1pcmFuLW9wZXJhdGlvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

On the day U.S. forces killed Soleimani, they launched another secret operation targeting a senior Iranian official in Yemen - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Women Overtake Men as Majority of U.S. Workforce - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvd29tZW4tb3ZlcnRha2UtbWVuLWFzLW1ham9yaXR5LW9mLXUtcy13b3JrZm9yY2UtMTE1Nzg2NzA2MTXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

US government-funded Android phones allegedly come with Chinese malware preinstalled - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1mdW5kZWQtcGhvbmVzLWNvbWUtd2l0aC1jaGluZXNlLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlLWluc3RhbGxlZC_SAWlodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvdXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1mdW5kZWQtcGhvbmVzLWNvbWUtd2l0aC1jaGluZXNlLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlLWluc3RhbGxlZC8?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Marianne Williamson Drops Out of 2020 Race - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Will Smith admits he was 'not happy' with this sequel - Yahoo Celebrity
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtYWRtaXRzLWhlLXdhcy1ub3QtaGFwcHktd2l0aC10aGlzLXNlcXVlbC0wNzM0NDI1NzUuaHRtbNIBbmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvd2lsbC1zbWl0aC1hZG1pdHMtaGUtd2FzLW5vdC1oYXBweS13aXRoLXRoaXMtc2VxdWVsLTA3MzQ0MjU3NS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trump administration announces new sanctions on Iran | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3Njg4LXRydW1wLWFkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLWFubm91bmNlcy1uZXctc2FuY3Rpb25zLW9uLWlyYW7SAWtodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3NzY4OC10cnVtcC1hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbi1hbm5vdW5jZXMtbmV3LXNhbmN0aW9ucy1vbi1pcmFuP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Matt Serra and Jim Norton predict McGregor vs Cowboy - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9QkZHTHJ2RXdQX03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Cuomo: How could Iran have made this fatal mistake? - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vdmlkZW9zL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC12aWRlby1hdmlhdGlvbi1taWxpdGFyeS1hbmFseXNpcy1jcHQtdnB4LmNubtIBbWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uL3ZpZGVvcy93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtdmlkZW8tYXZpYXRpb24tbWlsaXRhcnktYW5hbHlzaXMtY3B0LXZweC5jbm4?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard and this season’s vaccine is a poor match - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91bnVzdWFsLWZsdS12aXJ1cy1pcy1oaXR0aW5nLWNoaWxkcmVuLWhhcmQtdGhpcy1zZWFzb25zLXZhY2NpbmUtaXMtcG9vci1tYXRjaC_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL2hlYWx0aC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VudXN1YWwtZmx1LXZpcnVzLWlzLWhpdHRpbmctY2hpbGRyZW4taGFyZC10aGlzLXNlYXNvbnMtdmFjY2luZS1pcy1wb29yLW1hdGNoLz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Aviation expert outraged at Iran in wake of airline tragedy - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SFBDSV9Ya1QyQjjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

US imposes fresh sanctions on Iran after Iraq attack: Mnuchin - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2ltcG9zZXMtc2FuY3Rpb25zLWlyYW4taXJhcS1hdHRhY2stbW51Y2hpbi0yMDAxMTAxNTU3NTAzNjguaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9pbXBvc2VzLXNhbmN0aW9ucy1pcmFuLWlyYXEtYXR0YWNrLW1udWNoaW4tMjAwMTEwMTU1NzUwMzY4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Joaquin Phoenix & Other Stars Join Jane Fonda's Climate Protest | LIVE | NowThis - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NTlGYjB6Tk54eVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Patriots OC McDaniels meets with Browns about coaching gig - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9wYXRyaW90cy1vYy1tY2RhbmllbHMtbWVldHMtd2l0aC1icm93bnMtYWJvdXQtY29hY2hpbmctZ2ln0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vc3BvcnRzL3BhdHJpb3RzLW9jLW1jZGFuaWVscy1tZWV0cy13aXRoLWJyb3ducy1hYm91dC1jb2FjaGluZy1naWcuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Joaquin Phoenix, Martin Sheen Detained at Jane Fonda's Protest - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWpvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1maXJlLWRyaWxsLWZyaWRheS1wcm90ZXN0LWFycmVzdC_SAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvamFuZS1mb25kYS1qb2FxdWluLXBob2VuaXgtZmlyZS1kcmlsbC1mcmlkYXktcHJvdGVzdC1hcnJlc3Qv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Iraq tells U.S. to lay down "mechanisms" for troop withdrawal - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhcS10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLXByaW1lLW1pbmlzdGVyLWFkZWwtYWJkdWwtbWFoZGktcG9tcGVvLXBob25lLWNhbGwtaXJhbi1zdHJpa2Uv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvaXJhcS10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLXByaW1lLW1pbmlzdGVyLWFkZWwtYWJkdWwtbWFoZGktcG9tcGVvLXBob25lLWNhbGwtaXJhbi1zdHJpa2Uv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Dow surpasses 29,000 for first time | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2ZpbmFuY2UvNDc3NzA3LWRvdy1zdXJwYXNzZXMtMjkwMDAtZm9yLWZpcnN0LXRpbWXSAVBodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL3BvbGljeS9maW5hbmNlLzQ3NzcwNy1kb3ctc3VycGFzc2VzLTI5MDAwLWZvci1maXJzdC10aW1lP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

U.S. stocks slip after jobs data but not before Dow hit 29,000 for first time - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9kb3ctc2V0LXRvLTI5MDAwLWFzLXdhbGwtc3RyZWV0LWF3YWl0cy1rZXktam9icy1yZXBvcnQtMjAyMC0wMS0xMNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC84RUZEQjIxQy0zMzk5LTExRUEtODdEMy0yRjBERkQ1RDMxOEI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Kendrick Perkins rips 'coward' Kevin Durant for joining Warriors - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Nvd2FyZC1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQtZmV1ZC1zdWxsaWVzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2VzdGJyb29rLWNlbGVicmF0aW9uL9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Nvd2FyZC1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQtZmV1ZC1zdWxsaWVzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2VzdGJyb29rLWNlbGVicmF0aW9uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Fossil Reveals Earth's Oldest Known Animal Guts They say you should trust your gut, which is - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy90ZWNobm9sb2d5L2Zvc3NpbC1yZXZlYWxzLWVhcnRocy1vbGRlc3Qta25vd24tYW5pbWFsLWd1dHMvYXItQkJZT1BZVNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

17-year-old NASA intern makes stunning discovery - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvMTcteWVhci1vbGQtbmFzYS1pbnRlcm4tc3R1bm5pbmctZGlzY292ZXJ50gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS8xNy15ZWFyLW9sZC1uYXNhLWludGVybi1zdHVubmluZy1kaXNjb3ZlcnkuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

U.S. Rejects Iraqi Demand to Withdraw Troops. Can We Do That? - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvaXJhcS13aXRoZHJhd2FsLXRyb29wcy1zdGF0dXMtb2YtZm9yY2VzLmh0bWzSAVdodHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL2lyYXEtd2l0aGRyYXdhbC10cm9vcHMtc3RhdHVzLW9mLWZvcmNlcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Kevin Durant defends legacy, decision to join Nets in Twitter exchanges - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU3NzA1L2tldmluLWR1cmFudC1kZWZlbmRzLWxlZ2FjeS1kZWNpc2lvbi1qb2luLW5ldHMtdHdpdHRlci1leGNoYW5nZXPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uYmEvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NzcwNS9rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQtZGVmZW5kcy1sZWdhY3ktZGVjaXNpb24tam9pbi1uZXRzLXR3aXR0ZXItZXhjaGFuZ2VzP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

First SLS core stage ready for shipment - SpaceNews
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vc3BhY2VuZXdzLmNvbS9maXJzdC1zbHMtY29yZS1zdGFnZS1yZWFkeS1mb3Itc2hpcG1lbnQv0gEA?oc=5
https://spacenews.com

Third vaping-related death reported in Michigan - MLive.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1saXZlLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvdGhpcmQtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGgtcmVwb3J0ZWQtaW4tbWljaGlnYW4uaHRtbNIBZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1saXZlLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvdGhpcmQtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGgtcmVwb3J0ZWQtaW4tbWljaGlnYW4uaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.mlive.com

Women Now Make Up the Majority of the U.S. Labor Force - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3dvbWVuLXN0YW5kLW91dC1pbi1vdGhlcndpc2UtbWlkZGxpbmctdS1zLWRlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J00gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmxvb21iZXJnLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3dvbWVuLXN0YW5kLW91dC1pbi1vdGhlcndpc2UtbWlkZGxpbmctdS1zLWRlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Jobs Report Offers Little Reason for Fed to Change Its View - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvam9icy1yZXBvcnQtb2ZmZXJzLWxpdHRsZS1yZWFzb24tZm9yLWZlZC10by1jaGFuZ2UtaXRzLXZpZXctMTE1Nzg2NjQ4OTXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

US is not willing to withdraw troops from Iraq, says Pompeo - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3VzLW5vdC13aWxsaW5nLXRvLXdpdGhkcmF3LXRyb29wcy1mcm9tLWlyYXEtbWlrZS1wb21wZW_SAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC91cy1ub3Qtd2lsbGluZy10by13aXRoZHJhdy10cm9vcHMtZnJvbS1pcmFxLW1pa2UtcG9tcGVv?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Divisional Round NFL Picks: Why it's a great weekend for the unders, plus more best bets - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1uZmwtcGlja3Mtd2h5LWl0cy1hLWdyZWF0LXdlZWtlbmQtZm9yLXRoZS11bmRlcnMtcGx1cy1tb3JlLWJlc3QtYmV0cy_SAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2RpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtbmZsLXBpY2tzLXdoeS1pdHMtYS1ncmVhdC13ZWVrZW5kLWZvci10aGUtdW5kZXJzLXBsdXMtbW9yZS1iZXN0LWJldHMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Alphabet’s Controversial Chief Legal Officer, David Drummond, Leaves Company - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvamlsbGlhbmRvbmZyby8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FscGhhYmV0LWNoaWVmLWxlZ2FsLW9mZmljZXItZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtbGVhdmVzLWNvbXBhbnkv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9qaWxsaWFuZG9uZnJvLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYWxwaGFiZXQtY2hpZWYtbGVnYWwtb2ZmaWNlci1kYXZpZC1kcnVtbW9uZC1sZWF2ZXMtY29tcGFueS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Chris Harrison Called Hannah Brown a “Train Wreck” and Revealed If He’d Have Her Back on ‘The Bachelorette’ - Cosmopolitan.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvc21vcG9saXRhbi5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnMvYTMwNDcwOTkwL2NocmlzLWhhcnJpc29uLWhhbm5haC1icm93bi10cmFpbi13cmVjay1iYWNoZWxvcmV0dGUtdHdpdHRlci_SAXtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb3Ntb3BvbGl0YW4uY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvY2VsZWJzL2FtcDMwNDcwOTkwL2NocmlzLWhhcnJpc29uLWhhbm5haC1icm93bi10cmFpbi13cmVjay1iYWNoZWxvcmV0dGUtdHdpdHRlci8?oc=5
https://www.cosmopolitan.com

Hungary Says It Will Offer Free Fertility Treatments To Counter Population Decline - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyMTEyMTEvaHVuZ2FyeS1zYXlzLWl0LXdpbGwtb2ZmZXItZnJlZS1mZXJ0aWxpdHktdHJlYXRtZW50cy10by1jb3VudGVyLXBvcHVsYXRpb24tZGVjbGnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Australia bushfire crews battle mega blaze near Snowy Mountains - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hdXN0cmFsaWEtNTEwNTIwNDLSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLWF1c3RyYWxpYS01MTA1MjA0Mg?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Is Selena Gomez’s New Album Rare About Justin Bieber or the Weeknd? - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbHlyaWNzLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXItdGhlLXdlZWtuZC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudnVsdHVyZS5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbHlyaWNzLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXItdGhlLXdlZWtuZC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Joaquin Phoenix, Martin Sheen Among Those Arrested As Jane Fonda Leads Final D.C. Climate Protest - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL2RlYWRsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL2pvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1tYXJ0aW4tc2hlZW4tYW1vbmctdGhvc2UtYXJyZXN0ZWQtYXMtamFuZS1mb25kYS1sZWFkcy1maW5hbC1kLWMtY2xpbWF0ZS1wcm90ZXN0LTEyMDI4MjY3MDEv0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvam9hcXVpbi1waG9lbml4LW1hcnRpbi1zaGVlbi1hbW9uZy10aG9zZS1hcnJlc3RlZC1hcy1qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWxlYWRzLWZpbmFsLWQtYy1jbGltYXRlLXByb3Rlc3QtMTIwMjgyNjcwMS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Joaquin Phoenix, fresh off Golden Globes win, arrested at Jane Fonda's climate change protest - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2pvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1hcnJlc3RlZC1qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLXByb3Rlc3QvNDQzMTUyMTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MzE1MjEwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

How to Watch Today's Wolf Moon Eclipse From Your Desk - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vaG93LXRvLXdhdGNoLXRvZGF5cy13b2xmLW1vb24tZWNsaXBzZS1mcm9tLXlvdXItZGVzay0xODQwOTMxMTEx0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9saWZlaGFja2VyLmNvbS9ob3ctdG8td2F0Y2gtdG9kYXlzLXdvbGYtbW9vbi1lY2xpcHNlLWZyb20teW91ci1kZXNrLTE4NDA5MzExMTEvYW1w?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

NASA’s newest astronaut class, the Turtles, become eligible for space missions - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAwMTQvbmFzYS1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2xhc3MtdHVydGxlcy1hcnRlbWlzLWdlbmVyYXRpb24tZ3JhZHVhdGlvbtIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMDE0L25hc2EtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLXR1cnRsZXMtYXJ0ZW1pcy1nZW5lcmF0aW9uLWdyYWR1YXRpb24?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Pompeo rebuffs Iraqi leader's demand for US troop withdrawal as critics warn of ISIS resurgence - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcWktcG0tdGVsbHMtbWlrZS1wb21wZW8tZGVjaWRlLWhvdy13aXRoZHJhdy10cm9vcHMvNDQyOTM1MDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjkzNTAwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

UFC 246 Free Fight: Maycee Barber vs Hannah Cifers - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SUtXTzF0X0F2dWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Report: Josh McDaniels 'wants to come home, has heart set' on coaching Cleveland Browns - WKYC.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53a3ljLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3Nwb3J0cy9uZmwvYnJvd25zL3JlcG9ydC1qb3NoLW1jZGFuaWVscy13YW50cy10by1jb21lLWhvbWUtdG8tY29hY2gtY2xldmVsYW5kLWJyb3ducy85NS0yZmI0ODQ2NC0xOTRlLTQwOWMtOTE2OS0zMzQ5OTlmMDU1NWXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wkyc.com

Coyote captured in Chicago after wild police pursuit: video - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NveW90ZS1jYXB0dXJlZC1pbi1jaGljYWdvLWFmdGVyLXdpbGQtcG9saWNlLXB1cnN1aXQtdmlkZW8v0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY295b3RlLWNhcHR1cmVkLWluLWNoaWNhZ28tYWZ0ZXItd2lsZC1wb2xpY2UtcHVyc3VpdC12aWRlby9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Today’s best deals: $30 off AirPods 2, Surprise Fire TV Stick 4K sale, Nintendo Switch games, Apple Watch deals, more - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FtYXpvbi1kZWFscy1vZi10aGUtZGF5LW9uLWphbi0xMC_SAUFodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hbWF6b24tZGVhbHMtb2YtdGhlLWRheS1vbi1qYW4tMTAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Pregnant teacher struck in hit-and-run after baby shower, killing unborn child, police say - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9wcmVnbmFudC10ZWFjaGVyLXN0cnVjay1oaXQtcnVuLWFmdGVyLWJhYnktc2hvd2VyLWtpbGxpbmctdW5ib3JuLW4xMTEzNjM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM2MzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Tom Steyer qualifies for Democratic debate after surge in early voting states - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3RvbS1zdGV5ZXItZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtaW93YS1zdXJnZS1uZXZhZGEtc291dGgtY2Fyb2xpbmHSAW1odHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC90b20tc3RleWVyLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtZGViYXRlLWlvd2Etc3VyZ2UtbmV2YWRhLXNvdXRoLWNhcm9saW5h?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

A Samsung Phone in 2020 With a Removable Battery - Droid Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRyb2lkLWxpZmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvYS1zYW1zdW5nLXBob25lLWluLTIwMjAtd2l0aC1hLXJlbW92YWJsZS1iYXR0ZXJ5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.droid-life.com

Severe weather outbreak underway for parts of Central, Southern U.S. as major storm barrels east - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd2VhdGhlci8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLW91dGJyZWFrLXVuZGVyd2F5LXBhcnRzLWNlbnRyYWwtc291dGhlcm4tdXMtbWFqb3Itc3Rvcm0tYmFycmVscy1lYXN0L9IBlQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd2VhdGhlci8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLW91dGJyZWFrLXVuZGVyd2F5LXBhcnRzLWNlbnRyYWwtc291dGhlcm4tdXMtbWFqb3Itc3Rvcm0tYmFycmVscy1lYXN0Lz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Video shows koalas, other animals hurt in Australia's fires getting treated - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvdmlkZW8tc2hvd3Mta29hbGFzLW90aGVyLWFuaW1hbHMtaHVydC1hdXN0cmFsaWEtcy1maXJlcy1nZXR0aW5nLW4xMTEzNDM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0MzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Samsung's rugged Galaxy XCover Pro includes a swappable battery - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXhjb3Zlci1wcm8v0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZW5nYWRnZXQuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXhjb3Zlci1wcm8v?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

CES 2020 sleep tech: All the products that will help you sleep better - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtc2xlZXAtdGVjaC1hbGwtdGhlLXByb2R1Y3RzLXRoYXQtd2lsbC1oZWxwLXlvdS1zbGVlcC1iZXR0ZXIv0gFqaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2Nlcy0yMDIwLXNsZWVwLXRlY2gtYWxsLXRoZS1wcm9kdWN0cy10aGF0LXdpbGwtaGVscC15b3Utc2xlZXAtYmV0dGVyLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

'Grey's Anatomy': Justin Chambers Leaves as Alex — Final Episode - TVLine
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vdHZsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dyZXlzLWFuYXRvbXktanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZlcy1zZWFzb24tMTYtYWxleC1maW5hbC1lcGlzb2RlL9IBAA?oc=5
https://tvline.com

Marvel Loses Doctor Strange Director | SJU - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cTZHQlU1NmluUmvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

‘Unseasonably strong’ severe storms are headed for Houston, weather forecast predicts - Chron
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNocm9uLmNvbS9uZXdzL2hvdXN0b24td2VhdGhlci9hcnRpY2xlL3NldmVyZS1zdG9ybXMtc3Ryb25nLU5XUy1mb3JlY2FzdC1jb2xkLWZyb250LTE0OTY0NjY3LnBocNIBaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNocm9uLmNvbS9uZXdzL2hvdXN0b24td2VhdGhlci9hbXAvc2V2ZXJlLXN0b3Jtcy1zdHJvbmctTldTLWZvcmVjYXN0LWNvbGQtZnJvbnQtMTQ5NjQ2NjcucGhw?oc=5
https://www.chron.com

Samsung Rumored to Pull off Potentially Unpopular Move – Omitting 120Hz Displays From Its Galaxy S20 Family - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd2NjZnRlY2guY29tL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMyMC0xMjBoei1yZWZyZXNoLXJhdGUtcmVtb3ZhbC_SAUdodHRwczovL3djY2Z0ZWNoLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1zMjAtMTIwaHotcmVmcmVzaC1yYXRlLXJlbW92YWwvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://wccftech.com

Justin Chambers Leaving ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ After 15 Years - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZpbmctZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1leGl0LTE1LXllYXJzLTE2LXNlYXNvbnMtYWxleC1rYXJldi1hYmMtMTIwMjgyNjg3Ni_SAXpodHRwczovL2RlYWRsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL2p1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1sZWF2aW5nLWdyZXlzLWFuYXRvbXktZXhpdC0xNS15ZWFycy0xNi1zZWFzb25zLWFsZXgta2FyZXYtYWJjLTEyMDI4MjY4NzYvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Severe Storms Are Expected To Roll Into The Austin Area Friday Evening - KUT
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmt1dC5vcmcvcG9zdC9zZXZlcmUtc3Rvcm1zLWFyZS1leHBlY3RlZC1yb2xsLWF1c3Rpbi1hcmVhLWZyaWRheS1ldmVuaW5n0gEA?oc=5
https://www.kut.org

U.S. Jobs Trail Forecasts; Wages Rise Least Since Mid-2018 - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3Utcy1wYXlyb2xscy10cmFpbC1mb3JlY2FzdHMtd2FnZXMtcmlzZS1sZWFzdC1zaW5jZS1taWQtMjAxONIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC91LXMtcGF5cm9sbHMtdHJhaWwtZm9yZWNhc3RzLXdhZ2VzLXJpc2UtbGVhc3Qtc2luY2UtbWlkLTIwMTg?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

U.S.-Iran Tensions Ripple Throughout Middle East | NBC News NOW - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Q01oM2R0Z0NubUHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Prepare for severe weather this weekend: Massive storm to bring tornadoes, floods, snow, ice - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dlYXRoZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93ZWVrZW5kLXNldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLW9rbGFob21hLXRleGFzLXNvdXRoLzQ0MzI3NzEwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDMyNzcxMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Alphabet’s top lawyer is leaving with no exit package following misconduct scandals - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAzMjEvZ29vZ2xlLWFscGhhYmV0LWRhdmlkLWRydW1tb25kLWxhd3llci1jaGllZi1sZWdhbC1vZmZpY2VyLXJlc2lnbnPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDMyMS9nb29nbGUtYWxwaGFiZXQtZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtbGF3eWVyLWNoaWVmLWxlZ2FsLW9mZmljZXItcmVzaWducw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Pelosi Alerts House to Be Ready to Send Impeachment Articles Next Week - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcGVsb3NpLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Video shows the moment of plane crash in Iran - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2NjdHYtdWtyYWluZS1pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

On the day U.S. forces killed Soleimani, they launched another secret operation targeting a senior Iranian official in Yemen - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMi6wFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbmF0aW9uYWwtc2VjdXJpdHkvb24tdGhlLWRheS11cy1mb3JjZXMta2lsbGVkLXNvbGVpbWFuaS10aGV5LWxhdW5jaGVkLWFub3RoZXItc2VjcmV0LW9wZXJhdGlvbi10YXJnZXRpbmctYS1zZW5pb3ItaXJhbmlhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1pbi15ZW1lbi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzYwZjg2ZGJjLTMyNDUtMTFlYS04OThmLWViODQ2YjdlOWZlYl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Severe weather this weekend could bring snow, ice, tornadoes to central and eastern U.S., record warm temperatures to Northeast - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdG9ybmFkb2VzLWljZS1zbm93LXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC1jZW50cmFsLWFuZC1lYXN0ZXJuLXVzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

U.S. Says It Won’t Discuss Withdrawing Troops From Iraq, as Iraq’s Leader Requested - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91cy10cm9vcHMuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Boeing Employees Mocked F.A.A. and ‘Clowns’ Who Designed 737 Max - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLTczNy1tZXNzYWdlcy5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Video from Epstein’s first apparent suicide attempt lost due to ‘technical errors,’ prosecutors say - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8tZXBzdGVpbnMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LWxvc3QtZHVlLXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtc2F5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

North Carolina man, dubbed the 'Bad Wig Bandit', sought for 3 bank heists - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2JhZC13aWctYmFuZGl0LXNvdWdodC1pbi0zLW5vcnRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWJhbmstaGVpc3Rz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Coyote captured in Chicago after wild police pursuit: video - New York Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NveW90ZS1jYXB0dXJlZC1pbi1jaGljYWdvLWFmdGVyLXdpbGQtcG9saWNlLXB1cnN1aXQtdmlkZW8v0gEA?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Oprah Winfrey says she supports Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Megxit - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vcHJhaC13aW5mcmV5LWFkdmlzZWQtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWFuZC1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLW9uLW1lZ3hpdC_SAQA?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Tens of thousands protest Australian PM's climate policies amid bushfire crisis - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1tb3JyaXNvbi1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

American firefighters arrive in Australia and get cheered at the airport - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC91cy1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtY2hlZXJlZC1haXJwb3J0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

U.S. Jobs Trail Forecasts; Wages Rise Least Since Mid-2018 - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3Utcy1wYXlyb2xscy10cmFpbC1mb3JlY2FzdHMtd2FnZXMtcmlzZS1sZWFzdC1zaW5jZS1taWQtMjAxONIBAA?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Alphabet’s Controversial Chief Legal Officer, David Drummond, Leaves Company - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvamlsbGlhbmRvbmZyby8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FscGhhYmV0LWNoaWVmLWxlZ2FsLW9mZmljZXItZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtbGVhdmVzLWNvbXBhbnkv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Facebook, Tesla and Netflix comebacks show how investors can overreact to headlines and miss out - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZhY2Vib29rLXRlc2xhLWFuZC1uZXRmbGl4LWNvbWViYWNrcy1zaG93LWhvdy1pbnZlc3RvcnMtY2FuLW92ZXJyZWFjdC10by1oZWFkbGluZXMtYW5kLW1pc3Mtb3V0Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Dow hits a new record: 29,000 points - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Today’s best deals: $30 off AirPods 2, Surprise Fire TV Stick 4K sale, Nintendo Switch games, Apple Watch deals, more - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FtYXpvbi1kZWFscy1vZi10aGUtZGF5LW9uLWphbi0xMC_SAQA?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Alienware UFO vs. Nintendo Switch: The biggest differences I noticed - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYWxpZW53YXJlLXVmby12cy1uaW50ZW5kby1zd2l0Y2gtZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMtc3BlY3MtZGVzaWduLWNlcy0yMDIwLTHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

What to Do When Your Budget Android Phone Arrives With Malware - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vd2hhdC10by1kby13aGVuLXlvdXItYnVkZ2V0LWFuZHJvaWQtcGhvbmUtYXJyaXZlcy13aXRoLTE4NDA5MjkyNzHSAQA?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

Is Selena Gomez’s New Album Rare About Justin Bieber or the Weeknd? - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbHlyaWNzLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXItdGhlLXdlZWtuZC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Joaquin Phoenix, Martin Sheen Detained at Jane Fonda's Protest - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWpvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1maXJlLWRyaWxsLWZyaWRheS1wcm90ZXN0LWFycmVzdC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Justin Chambers Leaving ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ After 15 Years - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZpbmctZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1leGl0LTE1LXllYXJzLTE2LXNlYXNvbnMtYWxleC1rYXJldi1hYmMtMTIwMjgyNjg3Ni_SAQA?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Judge Comes Down Harshly on Harvey Weinstein Team’s Attempt to Ban Media From Jury Selection - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1lZGlhLTEyMDM0NjMwMzgv0gEA?oc=5
https://variety.com

Divisional Round NFL Picks: Why it's a great weekend for the unders, plus more best bets - CBSSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1uZmwtcGlja3Mtd2h5LWl0cy1hLWdyZWF0LXdlZWtlbmQtZm9yLXRoZS11bmRlcnMtcGx1cy1tb3JlLWJlc3QtYmV0cy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Kevin Durant defends legacy, decision to join Nets in Twitter exchanges - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU3NzA1L2tldmluLWR1cmFudC1kZWZlbmRzLWxlZ2FjeS1kZWNpc2lvbi1qb2luLW5ldHMtdHdpdHRlci1leGNoYW5nZXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

An appreciation of the efficient anomaly that is the Lakers - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbi1hcHByZWNpYXRpb24tb2YtdGhlLWVmZmljaWVudC1hbm9tYWx5LXRoYXQtaXMtdGhlLWxha2Vycy0xNjUzMzY4NDMuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Teen discovers new planet while interning with NASA - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMveW9yay10ZWVuLWRpc2NvdmVycy1wbGFuZXQtaW50ZXJuaW5nLW5hc2Evc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNjk4OTfSAQA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

The Wolf Moon Lunar Eclipse of 2020 Occurs Today: How to Watch Online - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS0yMDIwLXdlYmNhc3RzLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.space.com

NASA’s newest astronaut class, the Turtles, become eligible for space missions - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAwMTQvbmFzYS1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2xhc3MtdHVydGxlcy1hcnRlbWlzLWdlbmVyYXRpb24tZ3JhZHVhdGlvbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard, and this season’s vaccine is a poor match - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91bnVzdWFsLWZsdS12aXJ1cy1pcy1oaXR0aW5nLWNoaWxkcmVuLWhhcmQtdGhpcy1zZWFzb25zLXZhY2NpbmUtaXMtcG9vci1tYXRjaC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Trump falsely claims credit for lower cancer rates, faces pushback - MSNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHA6Ly93d3cubXNuYmMuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1tYWRkb3ctc2hvdy90cnVtcC1mYWxzZWx5LWNsYWltcy1jcmVkaXQtbG93ZXItY2FuY2VyLXJhdGVzLWZhY2VzLXB1c2hiYWNr0gEA?oc=5
http://www.msnbc.com

Texas 15-year-old's death is youngest vaping lung injury fatality in the United States - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvY2RjLXZhcGluZy1sdW5nLWluanVyeS1ldmFsaS10ZWVuLXVwZGF0ZS1ibi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What to Do When Your Budget Android Phone Arrives With Malware - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vd2hhdC10by1kby13aGVuLXlvdXItYnVkZ2V0LWFuZHJvaWQtcGhvbmUtYXJyaXZlcy13aXRoLTE4NDA5MjkyNzHSAVxodHRwczovL2xpZmVoYWNrZXIuY29tL3doYXQtdG8tZG8td2hlbi15b3VyLWJ1ZGdldC1hbmRyb2lkLXBob25lLWFycml2ZXMtd2l0aC0xODQwOTI5MjcxL2FtcA?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

Justin Chambers Is Leaving ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ After Playing Dr Alex Karev for 15 Years - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2p1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1sZWF2aW5nLWdyZXktYW5hdG9teS0xODU3NTU5MjguaHRtbNIBX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZpbmctZ3JleS1hbmF0b215LTE4NTc1NTkyOC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

LSU Releases Amazing Hype Video Ahead of National Championship vs. Clemson - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9leHRyYS1tdXN0YXJkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1oeXBlLXZpZGVv0gFeaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvZXh0cmEtbXVzdGFyZC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2xzdS1mb290YmFsbC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtaHlwZS12aWRlbw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Wolf moon eclipse kicks off the first of 13 full moons in 2020 - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vZm94OC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b2xmLW1vb24tZWNsaXBzZS1raWNrcy1vZmYtdGhlLWZpcnN0LW9mLTEzLWZ1bGwtbW9vbnMtaW4tMjAyMC_SAV9odHRwczovL2ZveDguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29sZi1tb29uLWVjbGlwc2Uta2lja3Mtb2ZmLXRoZS1maXJzdC1vZi0xMy1mdWxsLW1vb25zLWluLTIwMjAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://fox8.com

Ukrainian Plane Crash In Iran: Here's What The Available Evidence Shows - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyNTIxMzQvdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWluLWlyYW4taGVyZXMtd2hhdC10aGUtYXZhaWxhYmxlLWV2aWRlbmNlLXNob3dz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

GREAT AGAIN: Record Number of Americans Employed, Unemployment at 3.5%, Lowest in 50 Years - Sean Hannity
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vaGFubml0eS5jb20vbWVkaWEtcm9vbS9ncmVhdC1hZ2Fpbi1yZWNvcmQtbnVtYmVyLW9mLWFtZXJpY2Fucy1lbXBsb3llZC11bmVtcGxveW1lbnQtYXQtMy01LWxvd2VzdC1pbi01MC15ZWFycy_SAQA?oc=5
https://hannity.com

Android phone in Lifeline program allegedly comes with malware preinstalled - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1mdW5kZWQtcGhvbmVzLWNvbWUtd2l0aC1jaGluZXNlLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlLWluc3RhbGxlZC_SAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvYW5kcm9pZC1waG9uZS1pbi1saWZlbGluZS1wcm9ncmFtLWFsbGVnZWRseS1jb21lcy13aXRoLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlaW5zdGFsbGVkLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

House poised to move Trump impeachment charges to Senate next week - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXVzYS10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC9wZWxvc2ktd2lsbC1ub3Qtc2VuZC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by1zZW5hdGUtb24tZnJpZGF5LWlkVVNLQk4xWjkxUjXSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MVI1?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

FBI hunting 'Bad Wig Bandit' who robbed three NC banks - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZiaS1odW50aW5nLWJhZC13aWctYmFuZGl0LXdoby1yb2JiZWQtdGhyZWUtbmMtYmFua3Mv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmJpLWh1bnRpbmctYmFkLXdpZy1iYW5kaXQtd2hvLXJvYmJlZC10aHJlZS1uYy1iYW5rcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Walmart and Kroger are reportedly interested in buying Grubhub — but the struggling food-delivery startup.. - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL21hcmtldHMuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b2Nrcy93YWxtYXJ0LWtyb2dlci1pbnRlcmVzdGVkLWJ1eWluZy1ncnViaHViLWRlbGl2ZXJ5LXN0YXJ0dXAtZGVuaWVkLXNhbGUtcmVwb3J0cy0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwODk5ONIBjAFodHRwczovL21hcmtldHMuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy93YWxtYXJ0LWtyb2dlci1pbnRlcmVzdGVkLWJ1eWluZy1ncnViaHViLWRlbGl2ZXJ5LXN0YXJ0dXAtZGVuaWVkLXNhbGUtcmVwb3J0cy0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwODk5OA?oc=5
https://markets.businessinsider.com

Selena Gomez - Rare (Official Music Video) - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aWExaXVYYkVhWVHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Betting public overwhelmingly siding with LSU - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NoYWxrL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTgyMjcvYmV0dGluZy1wdWJsaWMtb3ZlcndoZWxtaW5nbHktc2lkaW5nLWxzddIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NoYWxrL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTgyMjcvYmV0dGluZy1wdWJsaWMtb3ZlcndoZWxtaW5nbHktc2lkaW5nLWxzdT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Look: Kevin Durant, Kendrick Perkins Beef on Twitter During Westbrook Debate - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA2MjItbG9vay1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQta2VuZHJpY2stcGVya2lucy1iZWVmLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItZHVyaW5nLXdlc3Ricm9vay1kZWJhdGXSAYYBaHR0cHM6Ly9zeW5kaWNhdGlvbi5ibGVhY2hlcnJlcG9ydC5jb20vYW1wLzI4NzA2MjItbG9vay1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQta2VuZHJpY2stcGVya2lucy1iZWVmLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItZHVyaW5nLXdlc3Ricm9vay1kZWJhdGUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

What Made the USF Job Right for Clemson's Jeff Scott? A Big Assist From Dabo Swinney - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvamVmZi1zY290dC11c2YtY2xlbXNvbi1kYWJvLXN3aW5uZXnSAU5odHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvamVmZi1zY290dC11c2YtY2xlbXNvbi1kYWJvLXN3aW5uZXk?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Doctor Strange sequel is shaping up to be Marvel’s most intriguing movie - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTc1L2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1tYWRuZXNzLWRpc25leS1wbHVzLW1hcnZlbC1sb2tpLXdhbmRhdmlzaW9u0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTc1L2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1tYWRuZXNzLWRpc25leS1wbHVzLW1hcnZlbC1sb2tpLXdhbmRhdmlzaW9u?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Protesters form flash mob outside Harvey Weinstein rape trial in New York - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9wcm90ZXN0ZXJzLWZvcm0tZmxhc2gtbW9iLW91dHNpZGUtaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLW5ldy1uMTExMzY2MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNjYx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Jeffrey Epstein: Jail cell video of sex offender's first suicide attempt goes missing - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLWphaWwtY2VsbC12aWRlby1vZi1zZXgtb2ZmZW5kZXJzLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC1nb2VzLW1pc3Npbmcv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLWphaWwtY2VsbC12aWRlby1vZi1zZXgtb2ZmZW5kZXJzLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC1nb2VzLW1pc3Npbmcv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Record 158803000 Americans Employed; 1.85M Year-to-Year Increase - CNSNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vY25zbmV3cy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uYXRpb25hbC9zdXNhbi1qb25lcy9yZWNvcmQtMTU4ODAzMDAwLWFtZXJpY2Fucy1lbXBsb3llZC0xODVtLXllYXIteWVhci1pbmNyZWFzZdIBAA?oc=5
https://cnsnews.com

While survival rates soar for other cancers, funding gaps limit progress on cervical and uterine cancer - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTkwNTIvY2FuY2VyLWRlYXRoLXJhdGVzLWRvd24tdXRlcmluZS1jZXJ2aWNhbC1yZXNlYXJjaC1mdW5kaW5nLXRyZWF0bWVudHPSAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1OTA1Mi9jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZXMtZG93bi11dGVyaW5lLWNlcnZpY2FsLXJlc2VhcmNoLWZ1bmRpbmctdHJlYXRtZW50cw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Why did Trump order the killing of Iran's Qassem Suleimani? - Guardian News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bXpQNE82MWRvTk3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

As Australia fires kill animals and destroy property, costs of climate change become clear - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3RoaW5rL29waW5pb24vYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWtpbGwtYW5pbWFscy1kZXN0cm95LXByb3BlcnR5LWNvc3RzLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLWJlY29tZS1uY25hMTExMjU3NtIBLWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3RoaW5rL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjU3Ng?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

This Firefox vulnerability is so bad, the U.S. government is urging users to patch it immediately - PCWorld
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5wY3dvcmxkLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlLzM1MTM1MzgvbW96aWxsYS1maXJlZm94LXZ1bG5lcmFiaWxpdHktaXMtc28tYmFkLXRoZS11cy1nb3Zlcm5tZW50LWlzLXVyZ2luZy11c2Vycy10by1wYXRjaC1pdC1pbW1lZGlhdGVseS5odG1s0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBjd29ybGQuY29tL2FydGljbGUvMzUxMzUzOC9tb3ppbGxhLWZpcmVmb3gtdnVsbmVyYWJpbGl0eS1pcy1zby1iYWQtdGhlLXVzLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtaXMtdXJnaW5nLXVzZXJzLXRvLXBhdGNoLWl0LWltbWVkaWF0ZWx5LmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.pcworld.com

LSU cancels classes for 2 days around national championship - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfNmMzNDdiYWMtMzNkMS0xMWVhLTkzOTMtMGYyNDVkOGY2OTcwLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

After breakout 2019 season, what's next for Taysom Hill and the Saints? - KSL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtzbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS80NjcwMjIzNi9hZnRlci1icmVha291dC0yMDE5LXNlYXNvbi13aGF0cy1uZXh0LWZvci10YXlzb20taGlsbC1hbmQtdGhlLXNhaW50c9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.ksl.com

Qasem Soleimani: Iran was targeting four US embassies, says Trump - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNjg1NjDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA2ODU2MA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Future of Nissan in doubt, says Carlos Ghosn - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiKmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9idXNpbmVzcy01MTA2NDU5OdIBLmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvYnVzaW5lc3MtNTEwNjQ1OTk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Kevin Durant and Kendrick Perkins get nasty on Twitter for the whole world to see - SF Gate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNmZ2F0ZS5jb20vd2FycmlvcnMvYXJ0aWNsZS9LZXZpbi1EdXJhbnQtS2VuZHJpY2stUGVya2lucy1Ud2l0dGVyLVRodW5kZXItTkJBLTE0OTY1NzEzLnBocNIBYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNmZ2F0ZS5jb20vd2FycmlvcnMvYW1wL0tldmluLUR1cmFudC1LZW5kcmljay1QZXJraW5zLVR3aXR0ZXItVGh1bmRlci1OQkEtMTQ5NjU3MTMucGhw?oc=5
https://www.sfgate.com

Stormont talks: Main NI parties agree power-sharing deal - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay1ub3J0aGVybi1pcmVsYW5kLTUxMDY4Nzc00gE5aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC91ay1ub3J0aGVybi1pcmVsYW5kLTUxMDY4Nzc0?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

U.S. to probe Fitbit, Garmin, other wearable devices after Philips complains - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXVzYS10cmFkZS13ZWFyYWJsZXMvdS1zLXRvLXByb2JlLWZpdGJpdC1nYXJtaW4tb3RoZXItd2VhcmFibGUtZGV2aWNlcy1hZnRlci1waGlsaXBzLWNvbXBsYWlucy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MVlF0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTFZRQ?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Sources - Eagles quarterback Josh McCown played with torn hamstring against Seahawks - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU4Njc1L3NvdXJjZXMtZWFnbGVzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLWpvc2gtbWNjb3duLXBsYXllZC10b3JuLWhhbXN0cmluZy1zZWFoYXdrc9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU4Njc1L3NvdXJjZXMtZWFnbGVzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLWpvc2gtbWNjb3duLXBsYXllZC10b3JuLWhhbXN0cmluZy1zZWFoYXdrcz9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

POLITICO Playbook PM: Pelosi is sending impeachment to the Senate. Here's what's next. - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzbGV0dGVycy9wbGF5Ym9vay1wbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BlbG9zaS1pcy1zZW5kaW5nLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRvLXRoZS1zZW5hdGUtaGVyZXMtd2hhdHMtbmV4dC00ODgwNDLSAQA?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Grubhub Adds ‘Common Sense’ Step After Demands From NY City Council - Eater
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVhdGVyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk4NjkvZ3J1Ymh1Yi1sYXdzdWl0LW5ldy15b3JrLWNpdHktY291bmNpbC1vcmRlci1mZWVz0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZWF0ZXIuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk4NjkvZ3J1Ymh1Yi1sYXdzdWl0LW5ldy15b3JrLWNpdHktY291bmNpbC1vcmRlci1mZWVz?oc=5
https://www.eater.com

The first official image of Samsung’s Galaxy Fold 2 just leaked - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWZvbGQtMi1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtc29vbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1pbWFnZS1sZWFrcy_SAVxodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1mb2xkLTItcmVsZWFzZS1kYXRlLXNvb24tb2ZmaWNpYWwtaW1hZ2UtbGVha3MvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Always counterclockwise: Puzzle of early Neolithic house orientations finally solved - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWNvdW50ZXJjbG9ja3dpc2UtcHV6emxlLWVhcmx5LW5lb2xpdGhpYy1ob3VzZS5odG1s0gFPaHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtY291bnRlcmNsb2Nrd2lzZS1wdXp6bGUtZWFybHktbmVvbGl0aGljLWhvdXNlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Pelosi: House will send impeachment articles to the Senate next week - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU1NjY0L2ltcGVhY2htZW50LWFydGljbGVzLXNlbmF0ZS1wZWxvc2nSAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTU2NjQvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtc2VuYXRlLXBlbG9zaQ?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Does Your Samsung Galaxy S10 Come With Undeletable Chinese Spyware Pre-Installed? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2RhdmV5d2luZGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG9lcy15b3VyLXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMxMC1jb21lLXdpdGgtdW5kZWxldGFibGUtY2hpbmVzZS1zcHl3YXJlLXByZS1pbnN0YWxsZWQvYW1wL9IBiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2RhdmV5d2luZGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG9lcy15b3VyLXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMxMC1jb21lLXdpdGgtdW5kZWxldGFibGUtY2hpbmVzZS1zcHl3YXJlLXByZS1pbnN0YWxsZWQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Sen. Susan Collins working with 'fairly small group' of Republicans to ensure witnesses at Trump's impeachment trial - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1pbnF1aXJ5L3Nlbi1zdXNhbi1jb2xsaW5zLXdvcmtpbmctZmFpcmx5LXNtYWxsLWdyb3VwLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLWVuc3VyZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1uMTExMzc0MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNzQx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Dow hits a new record: 29,000 points - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wisconsin Department of Health Services announces 1st pediatric flu death of 2019-20 season - WITI FOX 6 Milwaukee
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vZm94Nm5vdy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93aXNjb25zaW4tZGVwYXJ0bWVudC1vZi1oZWFsdGgtc2VydmljZS1hbm5vdW5jZXMtMXN0LXBlZGlhdHJpYy1mbHUtZGVhdGgtb2YtMjAxOS0yMC1zZWFzb24v0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly9mb3g2bm93LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3dpc2NvbnNpbi1kZXBhcnRtZW50LW9mLWhlYWx0aC1zZXJ2aWNlLWFubm91bmNlcy0xc3QtcGVkaWF0cmljLWZsdS1kZWF0aC1vZi0yMDE5LTIwLXNlYXNvbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fox6now.com

