Ukraine plane may have been shot down by Iranian missile by mistake, report claims - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS1saWtlbHktc2hvdC1kb3duLWlyYW4tbWlzc2lsZS1yZXBvcnQvNDQxOTI2MzAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTkyNjMwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Impeachment state of play: Democrats lose patience with Nancy Pelosi - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zdGF0ZS1vZi1wbGF5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL2ltcGVhY2htZW50LXN0YXRlLW9mLXBsYXkvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pence says sharing intel with Congress could 'compromise' sources - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL25hdGlvbmFsLXNlY3VyaXR5L3BlbmNlLXNheXMtc2hhcmluZy1pbnRlbC1jb25ncmVzcy1jb3VsZC1jb21wcm9taXNlLXNvdXJjZXMtbjExMTI3OTHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjc5MQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Trump Moves to Exempt Big Projects From Environmental Review - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2xpbWF0ZS90cnVtcC1uZXBhLWVudmlyb25tZW50Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NsaW1hdGUvdHJ1bXAtbmVwYS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Major airlines divert flights from Iranian and Iraqi airspace - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9idXNpbmVzcy9haXJsaW5lcy1pcmFuLWFpcnNwYWNlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L2J1c2luZXNzL2FpcmxpbmVzLWlyYW4tYWlyc3BhY2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump 'All Is Well' Tweet Shows President Doesn't Care About Troops: Crow - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS90cnVtcC1hbGwtd2VsbC10d2VldC11cy10cm9vcHMtaXJhcS0xNDgxMDE20gFKaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL3RydW1wLWFsbC13ZWxsLXR3ZWV0LXVzLXRyb29wcy1pcmFxLTE0ODEwMTY_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Coyote attacks 5-year-old boy outside Chicago nature museum - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NveW90ZS1hdHRhY2tzLTUteWVhci1vbGQtYm95LW91dHNpZGUtY2hpY2Fnby1uYXR1cmUtbXVzZXVtL9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NveW90ZS1hdHRhY2tzLTUteWVhci1vbGQtYm95LW91dHNpZGUtY2hpY2Fnby1uYXR1cmUtbXVzZXVtL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

California Looks to Launch Its Own Prescription-Drug Label - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1sb29rcy10by1sYXVuY2gtaXRzLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbC0xMTU3ODU3ODQwN9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Racist slideshow? Outcry over photo of 4 black students, gorilla, "Monkey do" label after school trip to zoo - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvcGhvdG8tNC1ibGFjay1zdHVkZW50cy1nb3JpbGxhLW1vbmtleS1zZWUtbW9ua2V5LWRvLWxhYmVsLXNwYXJrLWNvbnRyb3ZlcnN5L9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3Bob3RvLTQtYmxhY2stc3R1ZGVudHMtZ29yaWxsYS1tb25rZXktc2VlLW1vbmtleS1kby1sYWJlbC1zcGFyay1jb250cm92ZXJzeS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

‘A Blood Bath’: 5 Dead as Gang Violence Rocks Mississippi Prisons - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktcHJpc29ucy5odG1s0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1wcmlzb25zLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Here's how much money Meghan Markle and Prince Harry could need to maintain their lavish lifestyle if they plan on becoming 'financially independent' - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaG93LW11Y2gtbW9uZXktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbmVlZC1maW5hbmNpYWwtaW5kZXBlbmRlbmNlLTIwMjAtMdIBbGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaG93LW11Y2gtbW9uZXktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbmVlZC1maW5hbmNpYWwtaW5kZXBlbmRlbmNlLTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Iranian official tweeted picture of Iran flag shortly after strike on Iraq bases - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC10d2VldHMtZmxhZy1waG90by1hZnRlci1zdHJpa2UtdHJ1bXAtdHdlZXQvMjg0MjY3NzAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NDI2NzcwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Bernie emerges as growing threat to Biden - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYmlkZW4tc2FuZGVycy1jb25jZXJuLTIwMjAtMDk2NTIw0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYmlkZW4tc2FuZGVycy1jb25jZXJuLTIwMjAtMDk2NTIw?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Australia's wildfire crisis faces a new foe: Misinformation - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS9lbnZpcm9ubWVudC9hdXN0cmFsaWEtcy13aWxkZmlyZS1jcmlzaXMtZmFjZXMtbmV3LWZvZS1taXNpbmZvcm1hdGlvbi1uMTExMjczNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEyNzM2?oc=5
http://www.nbcnews.com

Carlos Ghosn banned from leaving Lebanon - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50LzY0MDI2NjkyLTMyY2QtMTFlYS05NzAzLWVlYTBjYWUzZjBkZdIBP2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50LzY0MDI2NjkyLTMyY2QtMTFlYS05NzAzLWVlYTBjYWUzZjBkZQ?oc=5
https://www.ft.com

Taco Bell will test a 6-figure salary for managers and roll out paid sick leave as fast food's war for talent continues to rage - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdGFjby1iZWxsLXRlc3RpbmctMTAwMDAwLW1hbmFnZXItc2FsYXJ5LXBhaWQtc2ljay1sZWF2ZS0yMDIwLTHSAV5odHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3RhY28tYmVsbC10ZXN0aW5nLTEwMDAwMC1tYW5hZ2VyLXNhbGFyeS1wYWlkLXNpY2stbGVhdmUtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Bitcoin Crashes Back As The U.S. And Iran Send Mixed Messages [Updated] - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYmlsbHliYW1icm91Z2gvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9iaXRjb2luLXJvbGxlci1jb2FzdGVycy1hcy10aGUtdXMtYW5kLWlyYW4tc2VuZC1taXhlZC1tZXNzYWdlcy11cGRhdGVkL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2JpbGx5YmFtYnJvdWdoLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvYml0Y29pbi1yb2xsZXItY29hc3RlcnMtYXMtdGhlLXVzLWFuZC1pcmFuLXNlbmQtbWl4ZWQtbWVzc2FnZXMtdXBkYXRlZC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq surge to new records as market focus shifts to U.S.-China trade - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvZG93LXNldC10by1hdHRlbXB0LWEtcnVuLWF0LWFsbC10aW1lLWhpZ2gtYXMtc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LWZvY3VzLXNoaWZ0cy1mcm9tLWlyYW4tdG8tdXMtY2hpbmEtdHJhZGUtMjAyMC0wMS0wOdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC83NzBEM0FGQy0zMkQwLTExRUEtODdEMy0yRjBERkQ1RDMxOEI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Digital Trends Top Tech of CES 2020 Award Winners - Digital Trends
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRpZ2l0YWx0cmVuZHMuY29tL2ZlYXR1cmVzL2Jlc3QtdGVjaC1jZXMtMjAyMC_SAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5kaWdpdGFsdHJlbmRzLmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy9iZXN0LXRlY2gtY2VzLTIwMjAvP2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.digitaltrends.com

Intel DG1 Xe GPU & Our Sneaky Benchmark: Mixed First Impressions - Gamers Nexus
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dUhRWE1VSjJ0MlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The Morning After: Introducing the Best of CES 2020 finalists - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1tb3JuaW5nLWFmdGVyLWJlc3Qtb2YtY2VzLTIwMjAtZmluYWxpc3RzL9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90aGUtbW9ybmluZy1hZnRlci1iZXN0LW9mLWNlcy0yMDIwLWZpbmFsaXN0cy8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Pokémon Direct 1.9.2020 - Nintendo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bzVhZmFzRUFpTjDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Jillian Michaels Defends Lizzo Size Remark as Comment on Health Not Value - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWRlZmVuZC1saXp6by1mYXQtc2hhbWluZy1jb21tZW50LWhlYWx0aC1kaWFiZXRlcy_SAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamlsbGlhbi1taWNoYWVscy1kZWZlbmQtbGl6em8tZmF0LXNoYW1pbmctY29tbWVudC1oZWFsdGgtZGlhYmV0ZXMv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Harvey Weinstein trial: Judge won't step aside, prosecutor faces medical 'emergency' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hhcnZleS13ZWluc3RlaW4tdHJpYWwtZGF5LTQtanVkZ2UtcmVqZWN0cy1kZWZlbnNlLW1vdGlvbi8yODQ1NDgwMDAxL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg0NTQ4MDAwMQ?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Buck Henry, “The Graduate” Screenwriter and “Get Smart” Co-Creator, Dead at 89 - InsideHook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmluc2lkZWhvb2suY29tL2RhaWx5X2JyaWVmL2FydHMtZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9idWNrLWhlbnJ5LWRlYWQtYXQtODnSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnNpZGVob29rLmNvbS9kYWlseV9icmllZi9hcnRzLWVudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYnVjay1oZW5yeS1kZWFkLWF0LTg5L2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.insidehook.com

Brad Pitt Credits Bradley Cooper with Helping Him Get Sober: I've 'Been Happier Ever Since' - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1jcmVkaXRzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLTE1NDEzOTY1MC5odG1s0gFbaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9icmFkLXBpdHQtY3JlZGl0cy1icmFkbGV5LWNvb3Blci0xNTQxMzk2NTAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Mike McCarthy Cowboys hiring: How it impacts contract negotiations with veteran wideout Randall Cobb - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL21pa2UtbWNjYXJ0aHktY293Ym95cy1oaXJpbmctaG93LWl0LWltcGFjdHMtY29udHJhY3QtbmVnb3RpYXRpb25zLXdpdGgtdmV0ZXJhbi13aWRlb3V0LXJhbmRhbGwtY29iYi_SAYsBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9uZmwvbmV3cy9taWtlLW1jY2FydGh5LWNvd2JveXMtaGlyaW5nLWhvdy1pdC1pbXBhY3RzLWNvbnRyYWN0LW5lZ290aWF0aW9ucy13aXRoLXZldGVyYW4td2lkZW91dC1yYW5kYWxsLWNvYmIvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

LSU vs Clemson: Complete Guide to 2020 National Championship Game - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzAxNjAtbHN1LXZzLWNsZW1zb24tY29tcGxldGUtZ3VpZGUtdG8tMjAyMC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtZ2FtZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vc3luZGljYXRpb24uYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FtcC8yODcwMTYwLWxzdS12cy1jbGVtc29uLWNvbXBsZXRlLWd1aWRlLXRvLTIwMjAtbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLWdhbWUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

How the Thunder built the NBA’s best lineup using three point guards - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9uYmEvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc1NDAvb2tsYWhvbWEtY2l0eS10aHVuZGVyLWNocmlzLXBhdWwtc2hhaS1naWxnZW91cy1hbGV4YW5kZXLSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYm5hdGlvbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL25iYS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzU0MC9va2xhaG9tYS1jaXR5LXRodW5kZXItY2hyaXMtcGF1bC1zaGFpLWdpbGdlb3VzLWFsZXhhbmRlcg?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

Natural-born winner -- Houston Texans' Deshaun Watson 'thrives on pressure' - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDQwNzc0L25hdHVyYWwtYm9ybi13aW5uZXItaG91c3Rvbi10ZXhhbnMtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb24tdGhyaXZlcy1wcmVzc3VyZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDQwNzc0L25hdHVyYWwtYm9ybi13aW5uZXItaG91c3Rvbi10ZXhhbnMtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb24tdGhyaXZlcy1wcmVzc3VyZT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

NASA's 1st SLS Megarocket Core Loaded Onto Barge Ahead of Key Engine Test - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9uYXNhLXNscy1tZWdhcm9ja2V0LWNvcmUtc3RhZ2UtYmFyZ2Utcm9sbG91dC1waG90b3MuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9hbXAvbmFzYS1zbHMtbWVnYXJvY2tldC1jb3JlLXN0YWdlLWJhcmdlLXJvbGxvdXQtcGhvdG9zLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.space.com

This image could help explain the Milky Way's strange creamy center - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvdGhpcy1pbWFnZS1jb3VsZC1oZWxwLWV4cGxhaW4tdGhlbWlsa3ktd2F5cy1zdHJhbmdlLWNyZWFteS1jZW50ZXLSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlL3RoaXMtaW1hZ2UtY291bGQtaGVscC1leHBsYWluLXRoZW1pbGt5LXdheXMtc3RyYW5nZS1jcmVhbXktY2VudGVyLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Galaxy Group 13 Billion Light-Years Away Could Be Ending the Cosmic 'Dark Ages' Before Our Eyes - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9nYWxheGllcy1jbGVhci1jb3NtaWMtZm9nLWVwb2NoLW9mLXJlaW5vaXphdGlvbi5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGl2ZXNjaWVuY2UuY29tL2FtcC9nYWxheGllcy1jbGVhci1jb3NtaWMtZm9nLWVwb2NoLW9mLXJlaW5vaXphdGlvbi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Scientists put 3D glasses on cuttlefish and showed them film clips. The results were surprising - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC91cy8zZC1nbGFzc2VzLWN1dHRsZWZpc2gtc2NuLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdXMvM2QtZ2xhc3Nlcy1jdXR0bGVmaXNoLXNjbi10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wuhan pneumonia outbreak: A new virus may be the cause - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgwNjkvd3VoYW4tcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFr0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgwNjkvd3VoYW4tcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFr?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Trump makes misleading brag about lower cancer deaths - Politico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtbWFrZXMtbWlzbGVhZGluZy1icmFnLWFib3V0LWxvd2VyLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aHMtMDk2NzA00gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtbWFrZXMtbWlzbGVhZGluZy1icmFnLWFib3V0LWxvd2VyLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aHMtMDk2NzA0?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

More Americans are killing themselves at work - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tb3JlLWFtZXJpY2Fucy1hcmUta2lsbGluZy10aGVtc2VsdmVzLXdvcmsv0gFraHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL2hlYWx0aC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21vcmUtYW1lcmljYW5zLWFyZS1raWxsaW5nLXRoZW1zZWx2ZXMtd29yay8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

12 Oklahomans have died, 649 hospitalized due to the flu since season began, health officials say - KOCO Oklahoma City
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5rb2NvLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlLzEyLW9rbGFob21hbnMtaGF2ZS1kaWVkLTY0OS1ob3NwaXRhbGl6ZWQtZHVlLXRvLXRoZS1mbHUtc2luY2Utc2Vhc29uLWJlZ2FuLWhlYWx0aC1vZmZpY2lhbHMtc2F5LzMwNDU2NjA00gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtvY28uY29tL2FtcC9hcnRpY2xlLzEyLW9rbGFob21hbnMtaGF2ZS1kaWVkLTY0OS1ob3NwaXRhbGl6ZWQtZHVlLXRvLXRoZS1mbHUtc2luY2Utc2Vhc29uLWJlZ2FuLWhlYWx0aC1vZmZpY2lhbHMtc2F5LzMwNDU2NjA0?oc=5
https://www.koco.com

Sen. Mike Lee lambasts briefing on Soleimani strike as "worst" he's received on military issue - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL21pa2UtbGVlLXNlbmF0b3ItdXRhaC1sYW1iYXN0cy10cnVtcC1icmllZmluZy1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlLXdvcnN0LWhlcy1yZWNlaXZlZC1vbi1taWxpdGFyeS1pc3N1ZS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbWlrZS1sZWUtc2VuYXRvci11dGFoLWxhbWJhc3RzLXRydW1wLWJyaWVmaW5nLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1zdHJpa2Utd29yc3QtaGVzLXJlY2VpdmVkLW9uLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWlzc3VlLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Trump proposes change to environmental rules to speed up highway projects, pipelines and more - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

California Governor Pushes $1.4 Billion Plan To Tackle Homelessness - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC83OTQ2ODcwODQvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1nb3Zlcm5vci1wdXNoZXMtMS00LWJpbGxpb24tcGxhbi10by10YWNrbGUtaG9tZWxlc3NuZXNz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Omar rips Trump on new Iran sanctions: 'This is not a measured response' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3Mzk4LW9tYXItcmlwcy10cnVtcC1vbi1uZXctaXJhbi1zYW5jdGlvbnMtdGhpcy1pcy1ub3QtYS1tZWFzdXJlZC1yZXNwb25zZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3Mzk4LW9tYXItcmlwcy10cnVtcC1vbi1uZXctaXJhbi1zYW5jdGlvbnMtdGhpcy1pcy1ub3QtYS1tZWFzdXJlZC1yZXNwb25zZT9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Booker: Trump impeachment trial could deal a 'big blow' to my campaign - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vYm9va2VyLXRydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLWNvdWxkLWRlYWwtYmlnLWJsb3ctbXktY2FtcGFpZ24tbjExMTI4MjbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjgyNg?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

How Will Trump Respond to Iran Missile Strikes? - Bloomberg Politics
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VVJzclVFQnBVZFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Rotten Tomatoes Predicts the 2020 Oscar Nominations! - Rotten Tomatoes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vZWRpdG9yaWFsLnJvdHRlbnRvbWF0b2VzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3JvdHRlbi10b21hdG9lcy1wcmVkaWN0cy10aGUtMjAyMC1vc2Nhci1ub21pbmF0aW9ucy_SAQA?oc=5
https://editorial.rottentomatoes.com

Chris Paul Found A Time Machine In Oklahoma City - FiveThirtyEight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vZml2ZXRoaXJ0eWVpZ2h0LmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy9jaHJpcy1wYXVsLWZvdW5kLWEtdGltZS1tYWNoaW5lLWluLW9rbGFob21hLWNpdHkv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9maXZldGhpcnR5ZWlnaHQuY29tL2ZlYXR1cmVzL2NocmlzLXBhdWwtZm91bmQtYS10aW1lLW1hY2hpbmUtaW4tb2tsYWhvbWEtY2l0eS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fivethirtyeight.com

Deshaun Watson’s 7 sacks vs. Bills is a pattern the Chiefs can exploit - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9uZmwvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTQzMjQvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLTIwMjAtdGV4YW5zLWNoaWVmcy1maWxtLWJpbGxzLXNhY2tzLWFsbG93ZWQtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb27SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2JuYXRpb24uY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC9uZmwvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTQzMjQvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLTIwMjAtdGV4YW5zLWNoaWVmcy1maWxtLWJpbGxzLXNhY2tzLWFsbG93ZWQtZGVzaGF1bi13YXRzb24?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

Iran 'mistakenly shot down Ukraine jet' - US media - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA1NTIxOdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Exclusive: Americans say Soleimani's killing made US less safe, Trump 'reckless' on Iran - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2tpbGxpbmctc29sZWltYW5pLW1hZGUtdXMtbGVzcy1zYWZlLXRydW1wLXJlY2tsZXNzLWlyYW4tcG9sbC8yODM1OTYyMDAxL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvMjgzNTk2MjAwMQ?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

2020 Democrats send prayers to troops after Iranian attack on Iraq base housing US military - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wNy8yMDIwLWRlbXMtcmVhY3QtaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFja3MtaXJhcWktYmFzZXMtc2VuZC1wcmF5ZXJzLzI4MzgwODEwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODM4MDgxMDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Retaliation possible after Iran launches missiles at U.S. troops in Iraq - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9STVjMlc0cXE2SjTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Buttigieg, Biden, Sanders battle for lead in latest New Hampshire poll - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2J1dHRpZ2llZy1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJzLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmXSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9idXR0aWdpZWctYmlkZW4tc2FuZGVycy1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Soleimani killing: Iran warns US against further retaliation - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TVMxQXVDVUctX3fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Ravens RB Mark Ingram (calf) returns to practice - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUyODEyL3JhdmVucy1yYi1tYXJrLWluZ3JhbS1jYWxmLXJldHVybnMtcHJhY3RpY2XSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1MjgxMi9yYXZlbnMtcmItbWFyay1pbmdyYW0tY2FsZi1yZXR1cm5zLXByYWN0aWNlP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Subaru is recalling nearly 500,000 vehicles because the airbags could explode - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9zdWJhcnUtMjAyMC1yZWNhbGwtYWlyYmFnLWV4cGxvZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9zdWJhcnUtMjAyMC1yZWNhbGwtYWlyYmFnLWV4cGxvZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Woman was worried before her plane crashed in Iran, her husband says. She called him 20 minutes before takeoff - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtdmljdGltLWh1c2JhbmQtc3BlYWtzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21pZGRsZWVhc3QvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC12aWN0aW0taHVzYmFuZC1zcGVha3MvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

This is Intel’s DG1 discrete GPU, but you can’t buy one - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODQyMi9pbnRlbC1kZzEtZGlzY3JldGUtZ3B1LWdyYXBoaWNzLWNhcmQtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LWNlcy0yMDIw0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhldmVyZ2UuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODQyMi9pbnRlbC1kZzEtZGlzY3JldGUtZ3B1LWdyYXBoaWNzLWNhcmQtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Mystery pneumonia in China may be coronavirus variant: report | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NTA1LW15c3RlcnktcG5ldW1vbmlhLW1heS1iZS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy12YXJpYW50LXJlcG9ydNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NTA1LW15c3RlcnktcG5ldW1vbmlhLW1heS1iZS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy12YXJpYW50LXJlcG9ydD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Madame Tussauds removes waxworks of Harry and Meghan from royal family display - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtYnJpdGFpbi1yb3lhbHMtd2F4d29yay1pZFVTS0JOMVo4MVdX0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaODFXVw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Iran supreme leader says missile attack was a 'slap on the face' for US but it was 'not enough' - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi1zdXByZW1lLWxlYWRlci1zYXlzLW1pc3NpbGUtYXR0YWNrLXdhcy1hLXNsYXAtaW4tdGhlLWZhY2UtZm9yLXVzLmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9pcmFuLXN1cHJlbWUtbGVhZGVyLXNheXMtbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2std2FzLWEtc2xhcC1pbi10aGUtZmFjZS1mb3ItdXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Here's what happened to the stock market on Wednesday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvd2hhdC1oYXBwZW5lZC10by1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtd2VkbmVzZGF5Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC93aGF0LWhhcHBlbmVkLXRvLXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC13ZWRuZXNkYXkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Brad Pitt ‘Got Sober’ Because of Bradley Cooper - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvYnJhZC1waXR0LXNvYmVyLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL3d3dy52dWx0dXJlLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS9icmFkLXBpdHQtc29iZXItYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXIuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Ukrainian jet crash that killed 176: Evidence suggests plane shot by Iranian missiles, sources say - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvdWtyYWluaWFuLWpldC1jcmFzaGVkLWtpbGxpbmctMTc2LWFwcGVhcnMtaGF2ZS1iZWVuLXNob3QtaXJhbmlhbi1uMTExMjk5NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEyOTk2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Senate Democrats break with Pelosi over impeachment trial - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvc2VuYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1icmVhay1wZWxvc2ktb3Zlci1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0wOTYyMjTSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9zZW5hdGUtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWJyZWFrLXBlbG9zaS1vdmVyLWltcGVhY2htZW50LTA5NjIyNA?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

US increasingly believes Iran shot down Ukrainian airliner by accident - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9pcy1pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvaXMtaXJhbi11a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Rep. Stefanik tweets altered photo of Pelosi in GOP fundraising appeal - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiqAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvcmVwLXN0ZWZhbmlrLXR3ZWV0cy1hbHRlcmVkLXBob3RvLW9mLXBlbG9zaS1pbi1nb3AtZnVuZHJhaXNpbmctYXBwZWFsLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvMzBjNmY1NmMtMzJlNy0xMWVhLWEwNTMtZGM2ZDk0NGJhNzc2X3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAbcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3JlcC1zdGVmYW5pay10d2VldHMtYWx0ZXJlZC1waG90by1vZi1wZWxvc2ktaW4tZ29wLWZ1bmRyYWlzaW5nLWFwcGVhbC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5LzMwYzZmNTZjLTMyZTctMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Trump Rule Would Overhaul Landmark Environmental Law - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4NTc1MjMvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24tcHJvcG9zZXMtbWFqb3ItY2hhbmdlcy10by1iZWRyb2NrLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtbGF30gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Lebanon bans ex-Nissan chief Ghosn from traveling - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbGViYW5vbi1iYW5zLWV4LW5pc3Nhbi1jaGllZi1naG9zbi1mcm9tLXRyYXZlbGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5LzZlMGI3M2YwLTMyZWEtMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGgAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9sZWJhbm9uLWJhbnMtZXgtbmlzc2FuLWNoaWVmLWdob3NuLWZyb20tdHJhdmVsaW5nLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvNmUwYjczZjAtMzJlYS0xMWVhLTk3MWItNDNiZWMzZmY5ODYwX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Meghan and Harry waxworks removed from Royal family display at Madame Tussauds - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vc3R5bGUvYXJ0aWNsZS9kdWtlLWR1Y2hlc3Mtc3Vzc2V4LW1hZGFtZS10dXNzYXVkcy1yZW1vdmFsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbm4uY29tL3N0eWxlL2FtcC9kdWtlLWR1Y2hlc3Mtc3Vzc2V4LW1hZGFtZS10dXNzYXVkcy1yZW1vdmFsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iran fires ballistic missiles at two bases housing U.S. troops in Iraq - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MTFaOUhvelhfVHfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Greenpeace Calls Out Alibaba, Tencent in First China Ranking - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9ncmVlbnBlYWNlLWNhbGxzLWFsaWJhYmEtdGVuY2VudC1tYWlkZW4tMDIwMDAwNjE0Lmh0bWzSAV1odHRwczovL2ZpbmFuY2UueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvbmV3cy9ncmVlbnBlYWNlLWNhbGxzLWFsaWJhYmEtdGVuY2VudC1tYWlkZW4tMDIwMDAwNjE0Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

And You Thought Brexit Was Tough … - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2JyZXhpdC11bml0ZWQta2luZ2RvbS5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC93b3JsZC9ldXJvcGUvYnJleGl0LXVuaXRlZC1raW5nZG9tLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

What lies ahead for Iraq? | The Stream - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9c2RlM3NVV0ZRNVnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Australia wildfires force evacuations ahead of 'dangerous, dynamic' forecast; PM has another gaffe - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkL2F1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtZXZhY3VhdGlvbi1mb3JlY2FzdC1kYW5nZXJvdXMtbW9ycmlzb24tY29ycmVjdGVk0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1ldmFjdWF0aW9uLWZvcmVjYXN0LWRhbmdlcm91cy1tb3JyaXNvbi1jb3JyZWN0ZWQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Justin Bieber looks like a drug addict, fans said. Then the singer revealed he has Lyme disease. - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9seW1lLWRpc2Vhc2UtanVzdGluLWJpZWJlci_SAVtodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHltZS1kaXNlYXNlLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXIvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Clemson’s Trevor Lawrence addresses the possibility of leaving team after title game - Greenville News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMipgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ncmVlbnZpbGxlb25saW5lLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9zcG9ydHMvY29sbGVnZS9jbGVtc29uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2xlbXNvbi1sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwtdHJldm9yLWxhd3JlbmNlLW5vdC1sZWF2aW5nLWFmdGVyLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC0yMDIwLzQ0MTg3NDUwMDIv0gEvaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuZ3JlZW52aWxsZW9ubGluZS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTg3NDUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.greenvilleonline.com

UK parliament finally rubber stamps Brexit in no-fuss vote - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91ay9icmV4aXQtZGVhbC11ay12b3Rlcy1nYnItaW50bC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91ay9icmV4aXQtZGVhbC11ay12b3Rlcy1nYnItaW50bC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

CES banned sex tech last year. Now it's all the rage - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL3NleC10b3lzLWNlcy0yMDIwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAURodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RlY2gvc2V4LXRveXMtY2VzLTIwMjAvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wuhan pneumonia outbreak of mystery illness in China blamed on new SARS-type virus Chinese and WHO officials say today - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd3VoYW4tcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFrLWNoaW5hLW15c3RlcnktaWxsbmVzcy1ibGFtZWQtbmV3LXNhcnMtdHlwZS12aXJ1cy10b2RheS0yMDE5LTAxLTA5L9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3d1aGFuLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1jaGluYS1teXN0ZXJ5LWlsbG5lc3MtYmxhbWVkLW5ldy1zYXJzLXR5cGUtdmlydXMtdG9kYXktMjAxOS0wMS0wOS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

First flu-related death reported in Lexington - WKYT
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndreXQuY29tL2NvbnRlbnQvbmV3cy9GaXJzdC1mbHUtcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aC1yZXBvcnRlZC1pbi1MZXhpbmd0b24tNTY2ODQwOTcxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wkyt.com

How Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's finances will be impacted by abrupt royal exit - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtZmluYW5jZXMtcm95YWwtZXhpdNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtZmluYW5jZXMtcm95YWwtZXhpdC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Buttigieg doubles and Warren drops in New Hampshire poll - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1jb250ZXN0LXRvLXdpbi1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtcHJpbWFyeS0wOTY2NjLSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWNvbnRlc3QtdG8td2luLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmUtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1wcmltYXJ5LTA5NjY2Mg?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Harvey Weinstein Rape Trial Judge Rejects Efforts To Toss Him Off Case, Jury Selection Continues - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1ZGdlLXJlamVjdGlvbi1qdXJ5LXNlbGVjdGlvbi0xMjAyODI1NTgwL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1ZGdlLXJlamVjdGlvbi1qdXJ5LXNlbGVjdGlvbi0xMjAyODI1NTgwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Clemson’s Trevor Lawrence addresses the possibility of leaving after title game - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3Rvcnkvc3BvcnRzL25jYWFmLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJldm9yLWxhd3JlbmNlLW5vdC1sZWF2aW5nLWNsZW1zb24tYWZ0ZXItY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1wbGF5b2ZmLzI4MzUwODUwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODM1MDg1MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Brad Pitt Credits Bradley Cooper For His Sobriety In Touching Speech - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTEwOTg4Ny9icmFkLXBpdHQtY3JlZGl0cy1icmFkbGV5LWNvb3Blci1mb3ItaGVscGluZy1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyLWluLXRvdWNoaW5nLXNwZWVjaNIBdGh0dHBzOi8vbS5lb25saW5lLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8xMTA5ODg3L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1jcmVkaXRzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWZvci1oZWxwaW5nLWhpbS1nZXQtc29iZXItaW4tdG91Y2hpbmctc3BlZWNo?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

'When I'm ready': Pelosi won't budge on sending impeachment articles to Senate, despite calls from Democrats - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWlucXVpcnkvdG9wLWhvdXNlLWRlbW9jcmF0LXRpbWUtc2VuZC1hcnRpY2xlcy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zZW5hdGUtbjExMTI4MzHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjgzMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Pelosi Expects To Send Impeachment Articles To Senate 'Soon' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4NjI5NDAvcGVsb3NpLXNpZ25hbHMtYW4tZW5kLXRvLWhlci1ob2xkLW9uLWFydGljbGVzLW9mLWltcGVhY2htZW500gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Climate activists to single out Prime Minister Scott Morrison in marches across Australia as bushfires rage - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmUtY2xpbWF0ZS1wcm90ZXN0LWludGwtaG5rLXNjbGkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXVzdHJhbGlhL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1pbnRsLWhuay1zY2xpL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Buck Henry, screenwriter of 'The Graduate' and frequent 'SNL' host, dies at 89 - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9idWNrLWhlbnJ5LXNjcmVlbndyaXRlci1ncmFkdWF0ZS1mcmVxdWVudC1zbmwtaG9zdC1kaWVzLTg5LW4xMTEyODk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4OTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iran attack: Stocks remain steady despite Iran missile attack - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhbi1hdHRhY2stc3RvY2tzLXJlbWFpbi1zdGVhZHktYWZ0ZXItaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFjay_SAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFuLWF0dGFjay1zdG9ja3MtcmVtYWluLXN0ZWFkeS1hZnRlci1pcmFuLW1pc3NpbGUtYXR0YWNrLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Iran news: commander vows "harsher revenge" against U.S., relief in Tehran today after Trump speech - live updates - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMvaXJhbi1jb21tYW5kZXItdm93cy1oYXJzaGVyLXJldmVuZ2UtYWdhaW5zdC11cy1yZWxpZWYtaW4tdGVocmFuLXRvZGF5LWFmdGVyLXRydW1wLXNwZWVjaC0yMDIwLTAxLTA5L9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzL2lyYW4tY29tbWFuZGVyLXZvd3MtaGFyc2hlci1yZXZlbmdlLWFnYWluc3QtdXMtcmVsaWVmLWluLXRlaHJhbi10b2RheS1hZnRlci10cnVtcC1zcGVlY2gtMjAyMC0wMS0wOS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Ricky Gervais Reveals Why He Roasted 'Hollywood Liberals' - The Daily Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5d2lyZS5jb20vbmV3cy9yaWNreS1nZXJ2YWlzLXJldmVhbHMtd2h5LWhlLXJvYXN0ZWQtaG9sbHl3b29kLWxpYmVyYWxz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.dailywire.com

St. Vincent, Foo Fighters, More to Play Prince Tribute Concert After 2020 Grammys - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0LXZpbmNlbnQtZm9vLWZpZ2h0ZXJzLW1vcmUtdG8tcGxheS1wcmluY2UtdHJpYnV0ZS1jb25jZXJ0LWFmdGVyLTIwMjAtZ3JhbW15cy_SAW5odHRwczovL3BpdGNoZm9yay5jb20vbmV3cy9zdC12aW5jZW50LWZvby1maWdodGVycy1tb3JlLXRvLXBsYXktcHJpbmNlLXRyaWJ1dGUtY29uY2VydC1hZnRlci0yMDIwLWdyYW1teXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

No sign yet how U.S. will respond to Iranian attack on American forces - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cUVZOUJXOTM3VWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

49ers Defensive Focus: Stopping Kirk & the Vikings Play Action Game - Niners Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5pbmVyc25hdGlvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc1MjgvNDllcnMtZGVmZW5zaXZlLWZvY3VzLXN0b3BwaW5nLWtpcmstdGhlLXZpa2luZ3MtcGxheS1hY3Rpb24tZ2FtZS1wbGF5b2Zmc9IBhQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uaW5lcnNuYXRpb24uY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzUyOC80OWVycy1kZWZlbnNpdmUtZm9jdXMtc3RvcHBpbmcta2lyay10aGUtdmlraW5ncy1wbGF5LWFjdGlvbi1nYW1lLXBsYXlvZmZz?oc=5
https://www.ninersnation.com

Meghan Markle fans love her 'Game of Thrones' escape from the royals - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1mYW5zLWxvdmUtZXNjYXBlLWZyb20tcm95YWxz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Australia fires: 7 things everyone should know about the bushfire disaster - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS84LzIxMDU1MjI4L2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlcy1tYXAtYW5pbWFscy1rb2FsYXMtd2lsZGxpZmUtc21va2UtZG9uYXRl0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS84LzIxMDU1MjI4L2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlcy1tYXAtYW5pbWFscy1rb2FsYXMtd2lsZGxpZmUtc21va2UtZG9uYXRl?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Netflix and Twitter are on a list of tech stocks that have gotten cheaper in the past year - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV0ZmxpeC1hbmQtdHdpdHRlci1hcmUtb24tYS1saXN0LW9mLXRlY2gtc3RvY2tzLXRoYXQtaGF2ZS1nb3R0ZW4tY2hlYXBlci1pbi10aGUtcGFzdC15ZWFyLTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvREQ4QzExRTItMzJFNy0xMUVBLTg3RDMtMkYwREZENUQzMThC?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

‘Queen sad, Charles furious’: Britain’s media reacts to Megxit - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3F1ZWVuLXNhZC1jaGFybGVzLWZ1cmlvdXMtYnJpdGFpbnMtbWVkaWEtcmVhY3RzLW1lZ3hpdC_SAXZodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9xdWVlbi1zYWQtY2hhcmxlcy1mdXJpb3VzLWJyaXRhaW5zLW1lZGlhLXJlYWN0cy1tZWd4aXQvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Taron Egerton (‘Rocketman’) jumps into the top 5 in our Oscar odds for Best Actor, but who did he bump out? - Gold Derby
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdvbGRkZXJieS5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS8yMDIwL3Rhcm9uLWVnZXJ0b24tcm9ja2V0bWFuLW9zY2Fycy1iZXN0LWFjdG9yLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLW5ld3Mv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29sZGRlcmJ5LmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlLzIwMjAvdGFyb24tZWdlcnRvbi1yb2NrZXRtYW4tb3NjYXJzLWJlc3QtYWN0b3ItcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtbmV3cy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.goldderby.com

What were Iran's goals with the attack on bases in Iraq housing U.S. troops? - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2lyYW4tbmV3cy13aGF0LXdlcmUtaXJhbmlhbi1pbnRlbnRpb25zLXdpdGgtbWlzc2lsZS1zdHJpa2VzLW9uLWlyYXEtYmFzZXMtYW5kLXVzLXRyb29wcy10b2RheS0yMDIwLTAxLTA4L9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFuLW5ld3Mtd2hhdC13ZXJlLWlyYW5pYW4taW50ZW50aW9ucy13aXRoLW1pc3NpbGUtc3RyaWtlcy1vbi1pcmFxLWJhc2VzLWFuZC11cy10cm9vcHMtdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0wOC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Could a war break out between the US and Iran? | Inside Story - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9b1pudWpYTGZMUFnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Jillian Michaels slammed for "trolling" Lizzo as fans accuse her of body-shaming - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvamlsbGlhbi1taWNoYWVscy1zbGFtbWVkLWZvci10cm9sbGluZy1saXp6by1hcy1mYW5zLWFjY3VzZS1oZXItb2YtYm9keS1zaGFtaW5nLXR3aXR0ZXItd2VpZ2h0L9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2ppbGxpYW4tbWljaGFlbHMtc2xhbW1lZC1mb3ItdHJvbGxpbmctbGl6em8tYXMtZmFucy1hY2N1c2UtaGVyLW9mLWJvZHktc2hhbWluZy10d2l0dGVyLXdlaWdodC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Brad Pitt Thanks Bradley Cooper for Helping Him Get Sober - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9icmFkLXBpdHQtdGhhbmtzLWNyZWRpdHMtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItc29iZXIv0gFNaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudG16LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC10aGFua3MtY3JlZGl0cy1icmFkbGV5LWNvb3Blci1zb2Jlci8?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

NFL rumors: Giants’ Joe Judge keeping popular member of Pat Shurmur’s coaching staff - NJ.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5qLmNvbS9naWFudHMvMjAyMC8wMS9uZmwtcnVtb3JzLWdpYW50cy1qb2UtanVkZ2Uta2VlcGluZy1wb3B1bGFyLW1lbWJlci1vZi1wYXQtc2h1cm11cnMtY29hY2hpbmctc3RhZmYuaHRtbNIBhwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uai5jb20vZ2lhbnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvbmZsLXJ1bW9ycy1naWFudHMtam9lLWp1ZGdlLWtlZXBpbmctcG9wdWxhci1tZW1iZXItb2YtcGF0LXNodXJtdXJzLWNvYWNoaW5nLXN0YWZmLmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.nj.com

Ted Cruz: Missiles used to attack US forces in Iraq 'were paid for' by Obama administration - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vbmV3cy9jcnV6LW1pc3NpbGVzLXVzZWQtdG8tYXR0YWNrLXVzLWZvcmNlcy1pbi1pcmFxLXdlcmUtcGFpZC1mb3ItYnktb2JhbWEtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb27SAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Iran attacks U.S. forces as Trump prepares to address crisis - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9X0loaGc3M05SYkHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Possible Spyware On Samsung Phones - Hackaday
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vaGFja2FkYXkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3B5d2FyZS1kaXNjb3ZlcmVkLW9uLWFsbC1zYW1zdW5nLXBob25lcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://hackaday.com

Massive NASA rocket part to help put first woman on the Moon, to be ferried up Mississippi River on barge - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9uYXNhLXJvY2tldC1iYXJnZS1zY24vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvbmFzYS1yb2NrZXQtYmFyZ2Utc2NuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Yes, This Cuttlefish Is Wearing 3-D Glasses - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvc2NpZW5jZS8zZC1nbGFzc2VzLWN1dHRsZWZpc2guaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvc2NpZW5jZS8zZC1nbGFzc2VzLWN1dHRsZWZpc2guYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Pence responds to GOP Sen. Lee's criticism of Iran intel briefing: Soleimani strike prevented 'imminent' at... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcGVuY2UtbWlrZS1sZWUtaXJhbi1pbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UtYnJpZWZpbmctc29sZWltYW5p0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvbWlrZS1wZW5jZS1taWtlLWxlZS1pcmFuLWludGVsbGlnZW5jZS1icmllZmluZy1zb2xlaW1hbmkuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump’s Iran conflict exposed the real difference between Biden and Sanders - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTY2NTUvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1mb3JlaWduLXBvbGljeS1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJz0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTY2NTUvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1mb3JlaWduLXBvbGljeS1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJz?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Facebook says it's 'not deaf' to criticism. But it will still let politicians lie in ads - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2ZhY2Vib29rLWxpZXMtcG9saXRpY2FsLWFkcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2ZhY2Vib29rLWxpZXMtcG9saXRpY2FsLWFkcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

China Turns Its Back On Iran's Crude Oil - OilPrice.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vb2lscHJpY2UuY29tL0VuZXJneS9DcnVkZS1PaWwvQ2hpbmEtVHVybnMtSXRzLUJhY2stT24tSXJhbnMtQ3J1ZGUtT2lsLmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL29pbHByaWNlLmNvbS9FbmVyZ3kvQ3J1ZGUtT2lsL0NoaW5hLVR1cm5zLUl0cy1CYWNrLU9uLUlyYW5zLUNydWRlLU9pbC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://oilprice.com

Target hatches a billion dollar plan to challenge Nike and Under Armour - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy90YXJnZXQtaGF0Y2hlcy1hLWJpbGxpb24tZG9sbGFyLXBsYW4tdG8tY2hhbGxlbmdlLW5pa2UtYW5kLXVuZGVyLWFybW91ci0xMzAwMDM3NTUuaHRtbNIBfWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9uZXdzL3RhcmdldC1oYXRjaGVzLWEtYmlsbGlvbi1kb2xsYXItcGxhbi10by1jaGFsbGVuZ2UtbmlrZS1hbmQtdW5kZXItYXJtb3VyLTEzMDAwMzc1NS5odG1s?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

Facebook says it will let users see fewer political ads — but still refuses to fact-check them - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZmFjZWJvb2std2lsbC1sZXQtcGVvcGxlLXNlZS1mZXdlci1wb2xpdGljYWwtYWRzLWFoZWFkLW9mLXVzLWVsZWN0aW9uLmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9mYWNlYm9vay13aWxsLWxldC1wZW9wbGUtc2VlLWZld2VyLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1hZHMtYWhlYWQtb2YtdXMtZWxlY3Rpb24uaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Just a Fainting Spell? Or Is Betelgeuse About to Blow? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9hc3Ryb25vbXktc3VwZXJub3ZhLWJldGVsZ2V1c2UuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9hc3Ryb25vbXktc3VwZXJub3ZhLWJldGVsZ2V1c2UuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Biggest 'black swan' event for oil markets is disruption in the Strait of Hormuz, expert says - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZGlzcnVwdGlvbi1pbi10aGUtc3RyYWl0LW9mLWhvcm11ei1pcy1hLWJsYWNrLXN3YW4tZXZlbnQtc3AtZ2xvYmFsLmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kaXNydXB0aW9uLWluLXRoZS1zdHJhaXQtb2YtaG9ybXV6LWlzLWEtYmxhY2stc3dhbi1ldmVudC1zcC1nbG9iYWwuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Here's the real reason the Note 10 Lite matters. And it isn't the headphone jack - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvaGVyZXMtdGhlLXJlYWwtcmVhc29uLXRoZS1ub3RlLTEwLWxpdGUtbWF0dGVycy1hbmQtaXQtaXNudC10aGUtaGVhZHBob25lLWphY2sv0gFzaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2hlcmVzLXRoZS1yZWFsLXJlYXNvbi10aGUtbm90ZS0xMC1saXRlLW1hdHRlcnMtYW5kLWl0LWlzbnQtdGhlLWhlYWRwaG9uZS1qYWNrLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Mysterious viral pneumonia outbreak in China likely caused by new virus, scientists say - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9teXN0ZXJpb3VzLXZpcmFsLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1jaGluYS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1c9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9teXN0ZXJpb3VzLXZpcmFsLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1jaGluYS1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Scientists put 3D glasses on cuttlefish - Boing Boing
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vYm9pbmdib2luZy5uZXQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9zY2llbnRpc3RzLXB1dC0zZC1nbGFzc2VzLW9uLWMuaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vYm9pbmdib2luZy5uZXQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9zY2llbnRpc3RzLXB1dC0zZC1nbGFzc2VzLW9uLWMuaHRtbC9hbXA?oc=5
https://boingboing.net

Prince Harry and Meghan: Where do they get their money? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9leHBsYWluZXJzLTUxMDQ3MTg20gEwaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9leHBsYWluZXJzLTUxMDQ3MTg2?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Harvey Weinstein Brought Her Book to His Rape Trial, Leaving Author Stunned - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9iaXovbmV3cy93ZWluc3RlaW4tcmFwZS10cmlhbC1ib29rLWJyb3RoZXJzLW1hbmtpZXdpY3otMTIwMzQ2MDk4MC_SAV9odHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvYml6L25ld3Mvd2VpbnN0ZWluLXJhcGUtdHJpYWwtYm9vay1icm90aGVycy1tYW5raWV3aWN6LTEyMDM0NjA5ODAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

Dean Pees admits he’s “keyed up” to go against Ravens - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kZWFuLXBlZXMtYWRtaXRzLWhlcy1rZXllZC11cC10by1nby1hZ2FpbnN0LXJhdmVucy_SAWhodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZGVhbi1wZWVzLWFkbWl0cy1oZXMta2V5ZWQtdXAtdG8tZ28tYWdhaW5zdC1yYXZlbnMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

FEC Commissioner Rips Facebook Over Political Ad Policy: 'This Will Not Do' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ5MTEyNDYvZmVjLWNvbW1pc3Npb25lci1yaXBzLWZhY2Vib29rLW92ZXItcG9saXRpY2FsLWFkLXBvbGljeS10aGlzLXdpbGwtbm90LWRv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Tesla stock’s ‘meteoric’ rally comes to a halt - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS90ZXNsYS1zdG9ja3MtbWV0ZW9yaWMtcmFsbHktY29tZXMtdG8tYS1oYWx0LTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvRUY1MjFDQjgtMzJGQy0xMUVBLTg3RDMtMkYwREZENUQzMThC?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Iran plane crash: Ukraine considers missile theory in crash near Tehran - The - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiyAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL3VrcmFpbmUtZmxpZ2h0LXdhcy1vbi1maXJlLWluLWFpci1hbmQtcmV0dXJuaW5nLXRvLXRlaHJhbi1hdC10aW1lLW9mLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4taW52ZXN0aWdhdG9ycy1zYXkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS85YjI3NDM0Yy0zMjQ0LTExZWEtOTcxYi00M2JlYzNmZjk4NjBfc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Oil plummets to its lows of the day after President Trump says Iran 'appears to be standing down' in the .. - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vbWFya2V0cy5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2NvbW1vZGl0aWVzL25ld3Mvb2lsLXByaWNlLWZhbGxzLWRhaWx5LWxvdy10cnVtcC1pcmFuLXN0YW5kaW5nLWRvd24tY3J1ZGUtMjAyMC0xLTEwMjg4MDQ0OTDSAXdodHRwczovL21hcmtldHMuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9vaWwtcHJpY2UtZmFsbHMtZGFpbHktbG93LXRydW1wLWlyYW4tc3RhbmRpbmctZG93bi1jcnVkZS0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwNDQ5MA?oc=5
https://markets.businessinsider.com

Prince Harry defied the Queen by announcing he and Meghan would step back from royal duties - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91ay9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktcXVlZW4tYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LWdici1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VrL3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1xdWVlbi1hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQtZ2JyLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Edwards 'ready' to carry load if Ingram sits - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU0NjUvYXJ0aWNsZS9ndXMtZWR3YXJkcy1yZWFkeS10by1jYXJyeS1sb2FkLWlmLW1hcmstaW5ncmFtLXNpdHPSAbQDaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU0NjUvYXJ0aWNsZS9ndXMtZWR3YXJkcy1yZWFkeS10by1jYXJyeS1sb2FkLWlmLW1hcmstaW5ncmFtLXNpdHM_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRGFyb3VuZC10aGUtbGVhZ3VlO3RlYW0lM0RiYWw7dGVhbSUzRHRlbjtjb25mJTNEYWZjO2R2c24lM0RhY247ZHZzbiUzRGFjcztwbHlyJTNEanVzdGljZV9oaWxsO3BseXIlM0RsYW1hcl9qYWNrc29uO3BseXIlM0RhdWd1c3R1c19lZHdhcmRzJnAuY3Q9QXJvdW5kK3RoZStORkwmcC5hZHNtPXRydWUmcC50Y209JTIzZmZmJnAuYmdjMW09JTIzMDk2NGJmJnAuYmdjMm09JTIzMDUzYTc0JnNyPWFtcA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

PFT’s divisional round picks - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wZnRzLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGlja3MtOC_SAVNodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcGZ0cy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLXBpY2tzLTgvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Full Pompeo: 'We're Prepared For Everything' As Iran Promises Retaliation For Attack On Soleimani - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SE5McVowQkN5T0XSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

First child flu death of 2019-2020 season, eight others die from flu during New Year's week - WXII12 Winston-Salem
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnd4aWkxMi5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uaW5lLWZsdWUtZGVhdGhzLW5ldy15ZWFycy13ZWVrLzMwNDU3NzI40gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud3hpaTEyLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9uaW5lLWZsdWUtZGVhdGhzLW5ldy15ZWFycy13ZWVrLzMwNDU3NzI4?oc=5
https://www.wxii12.com

Trump announces overhaul of landmark environmental and climate rules - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1wcm9wb3NhbC1uYXRpb25hbC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXBvbGljeS1hY3QvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtcHJvcG9zYWwtbmF0aW9uYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktYWN0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Facebook Says It Won’t Back Down From Allowing Lies in Political Ads - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9mYWNlYm9vay1wb2xpdGljYWwtYWRzLWxpZXMuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9mYWNlYm9vay1wb2xpdGljYWwtYWRzLWxpZXMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

California could launch its own generic prescription drug label - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLWNvdWxkLWxhdW5jaC1pdHMtb3duLWdlbmVyaWMtcHJlc2NyaXB0aW9uLWRydWctbGFiZWwtbjExMTI5MjbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjkyNg?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Warren, Sanders join conference call with lobby group linked to Tehran -- sparking backlash - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3dhcnJlbi1iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1pcmFuLWxvYmJ5LWNvbmZlcmVuY2UtY2FsbC1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFjay1zb2xlaW1hbmnSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy93YXJyZW4tYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtaXJhbi1sb2JieS1jb25mZXJlbmNlLWNhbGwtbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2stc29sZWltYW5pLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Verizon offers mix and match pricing for Fios TV - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdmVyaXpvbi1vZmZlcnMtbWl4LWFuZC1tYXRjaC1wcmljaW5nLWZvci1maW9zLXR2L9IBVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy92ZXJpem9uLW9mZmVycy1taXgtYW5kLW1hdGNoLXByaWNpbmctZm9yLWZpb3MtdHYv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Jillian Michaels slammed for comments about Lizzo's weight - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2ppbGxpYW4tbWljaGFlbHMtbGl6em8td2VpZ2h0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWxpenpvLXdlaWdodC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Tom Brady could shock us and with his free agency decision - Adam Schefter | Get Up - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U2xYRHZCV1Z3eHPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Samsung devices come with a feature sourced from shady Chinese company - Neowin
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5lb3dpbi5uZXQvbmV3cy9zYW1zdW5nLWRldmljZXMtY29tZS13aXRoLWEtZmVhdHVyZS1zb3VyY2VkLWZyb20tc2hhZHktY2hpbmVzZS1jb21wYW55L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.neowin.net

Target set to launch 'All in Motion' this month, an activewear brand 'created for everyone' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RhcmdldC1hY3RpdmV3ZWFyLXNwb3J0aW5nLWdvb2RzLWJyYW5kLWxhdW5jaGluZy1qYW51YXJ5LzI4MzM4NzYwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODMzODc2MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Severe thunderstorm outbreak, possible tornadoes target South on Friday and Saturday - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2V2ZXJlLXRodW5kZXJzdG9ybS1vdXRicmVhay1wb3NzaWJsZS10b3JuYWRvZXMtdGFyZ2V0LXNvdXRoLWZyaWRheS1zYXR1cmRheS_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3dlYXRoZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9zZXZlcmUtdGh1bmRlcnN0b3JtLW91dGJyZWFrLXBvc3NpYmxlLXRvcm5hZG9lcy10YXJnZXQtc291dGgtZnJpZGF5LXNhdHVyZGF5Lz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Colin Cowherd Speculates On Odds Of Tom Brady Returning To Patriots - NESN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9jb2xpbi1jb3doZXJkLXNwZWN1bGF0ZXMtcGVyY2VudGFnZS1jaGFuZ2Utb2YtdG9tLWJyYWR5LXJldHVybmluZy10by1wYXRyaW90cy_SAWtodHRwczovL25lc24uY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvY29saW4tY293aGVyZC1zcGVjdWxhdGVzLXBlcmNlbnRhZ2UtY2hhbmdlLW9mLXRvbS1icmFkeS1yZXR1cm5pbmctdG8tcGF0cmlvdHMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nesn.com

6 bold predictions for Ravens vs. Titans divisional playoff game - Ravens Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vcmF2ZW5zd2lyZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXZzLXRlbm5lc3NlZS10aXRhbnMtYm9sZC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMv0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly9yYXZlbnN3aXJlLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JhbHRpbW9yZS1yYXZlbnMtdnMtdGVubmVzc2VlLXRpdGFucy1ib2xkLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLW5mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://ravenswire.usatoday.com

Thousands flee beach towns after prime minister proclaims Australia 'wonderful place to come' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLXRob3VzYW5kcy1ldmFjdWF0ZS1ibGF6ZXMtcmFjZS10b3dhcmQtY29hc3QvNDQxODIwNTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTgyMDUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

American firefighters arrive in Australia and get cheered at the airport - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC91cy1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtY2hlZXJlZC1haXJwb3J0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvdXMtZmlyZWZpZ2h0ZXJzLWNoZWVyZWQtYWlycG9ydC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Apple hits all-time high after announcing record holiday App Store sales - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYXBwbGUtc3RvY2stcHJpY2UtYWxsLXRpbWUtaGlnaC1hcHAtc3RvcmUtc2FsZXMtcmVjb3JkLTIwMjAtMdIBdWh0dHBzOi8vbWFya2V0cy5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2FwcGxlLXN0b2NrLXByaWNlLWFsbC10aW1lLWhpZ2gtYXBwLXN0b3JlLXNhbGVzLXJlY29yZC0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwNDUwMw?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Mike Leach has interviewed for Mississippi State job - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vY29sbGVnZWZvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vY29sbGVnZWZvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://collegefootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Kohl's tie-up with Amazon was seen as a game changer. But sluggish holiday sales suggest it isn't - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkva29obHMtYW1hem9uLXRpZS11cC13YXMtc2Vlbi1hcy1hLWdhbWUtY2hhbmdlci1zbHVnZ2lzaC1ob2xpZGF5LXNhbGVzLXN1Z2dlc3Qtbm90Lmh0bWzSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9rb2hscy1hbWF6b24tdGllLXVwLXdhcy1zZWVuLWFzLWEtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2VyLXNsdWdnaXNoLWhvbGlkYXktc2FsZXMtc3VnZ2VzdC1ub3QuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

The Milky Way Is Gaining New Stars From A Collision That Hasn't Even Occurred Yet - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL3N0YXJ0c3dpdGhhYmFuZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1taWxreS13YXktaXMtZ2FpbmluZy1uZXctc3RhcnMtZnJvbS1hLWNvbGxpc2lvbi10aGF0LWhhc250LWV2ZW4tb2NjdXJyZWQteWV0L9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL3N0YXJ0c3dpdGhhYmFuZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1taWxreS13YXktaXMtZ2FpbmluZy1uZXctc3RhcnMtZnJvbS1hLWNvbGxpc2lvbi10aGF0LWhhc250LWV2ZW4tb2NjdXJyZWQteWV0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Top House Judiciary Republican makes unfounded claim that Democrats are 'in love with terrorists' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy10ZXJyb3Jpc3RzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

1917 review: turning a nightmare war into a theme park showcase - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODQ3Ni8xOTE3LW1vdmllLXJldmlldy1zYW0tbWVuZGVzLXd3adIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg0NzYvMTkxNy1tb3ZpZS1yZXZpZXctc2FtLW1lbmRlcy13d2k?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

'Stop this nonsense': GOP Rep. Doug Collins slammed for claim that Democrats are 'in love with terrorists' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWF0dGFja3MtZGVtb2NyYXRzLW92ZXItaXJhbi80NDE3OTg0MDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQxNzk4NDAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

‘They are in love with terrorists’: GOP lawmaker says Democrats ‘mourn Soleimani’ more than they grieve for Gold Star families - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9uYXRpb24vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWxvdmUtd2l0aC10ZXJyb3Jpc3RzLW1vdXJuLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1pcmFuL9IBgQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1sb3ZlLXdpdGgtdGVycm9yaXN0cy1tb3Vybi1zb2xlaW1hbmktaXJhbi8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Apple’s stock has now doubled in a year amid ‘impressive’ App Store sales data - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9hcHBsZXMtc3RvY2staGFzLW5vdy1kb3VibGVkLWluLWEteWVhci1hbWlkLWltcHJlc3NpdmUtYXBwLXN0b3JlLXNhbGVzLWRhdGEtMjAyMC0wMS0wONIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC83MUE4RTg1OC0zMjRGLTExRUEtODE3RC00RjEzNzVDOEEwREE?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

America has turned its back on big department stores - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9qY3Blbm5leS1tYWN5cy1rb2hscy1kZXBhcnRtZW50LXN0b3Jlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9qY3Blbm5leS1tYWN5cy1rb2hscy1kZXBhcnRtZW50LXN0b3Jlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Sources -- Mike Leach leaves Washington State for Mississippi State - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1MzEyMi9zb3VyY2VzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGUtbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktc3RhdGXSAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUzMTIyL3NvdXJjZXMtbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1sZWF2ZXMtd2FzaGluZ3Rvbi1zdGF0ZS1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Megyn Kelly Responds To 'Bombshell,' Reveals Roger Ailes Asked Her To 'Twirl' - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS9lbnRyeS9tZWd5bi1rZWxseS1yb2dlci1haWxlcy1ib21ic2hlbGxfbl81ZTE3NGI2YmM1YjYwMDk2MGM2MWI1Y2bSAQA?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Hailey Baldwin Fires Back at Those Trolling Justin Bieber on Twitter - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvaGFpbGV5LWJhbGR3aW4tZGVmZW5kcy1qdXN0aW4tYmllYmVyLXR3aXR0ZXIuaHRtbC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Lebanon slaps travel ban on Carlos Ghosn - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tbGViYW5vbi10cmF2ZWwtYmFuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2J1c2luZXNzL2Nhcmxvcy1naG9zbi1sZWJhbm9uLXRyYXZlbC1iYW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Source: Mike Leach leaving Washington State for Mississippi State - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9zb3VyY2VzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmluZy13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlLWZvci1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS0xODM4MTc3NzcuaHRtbNIBcWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL3NvdXJjZXMtbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1sZWF2aW5nLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGUtZm9yLW1pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLTE4MzgxNzc3Ny5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Border apprehensions down in December, marking seven months of decline - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2JvcmRlci1hcHByZWhlbnNpb25zLWRvd24taW4tZGVjZW1iZXItN3RoLW1vbnRoLW9mLWRlY2xpbmXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Apple stock hits record after Chinese government data shows iPhone unit sales spike - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXBwbGUtc3RvY2staGl0cy1uZXctYWxsLXRpbWUtaGlnaC1vbi1jaGluYS1pcGhvbmUtc2FsZXMtZGF0YS5odG1s0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXBwbGUtc3RvY2staGl0cy1uZXctYWxsLXRpbWUtaGlnaC1vbi1jaGluYS1pcGhvbmUtc2FsZXMtZGF0YS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Tokyo Olympic village beds made of cardboard stronger than wood and recyclable - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdG9reW8tb2x5bXBpYy12aWxsYWdlLWJlZHMtbWFkZS1jYXJkYm9hcmQtcmVjeWNsYWJsZS0yMDIwLTHSAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3Rva3lvLW9seW1waWMtdmlsbGFnZS1iZWRzLW1hZGUtY2FyZGJvYXJkLXJlY3ljbGFibGUtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

‘Like a Boss’: Whoever Made This Inane Comedy Should Be Fired - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbW92aWVzL21vdmllLXJldmlld3MvbGlrZS1hLWJvc3MtbW92aWUtcmV2aWV3LXRpZmZhbnktaGFkZGlzaC05MzMwMjAv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucm9sbGluZ3N0b25lLmNvbS9tb3ZpZXMvbW92aWUtcmV2aWV3cy9saWtlLWEtYm9zcy1tb3ZpZS1yZXZpZXctdGlmZmFueS1oYWRkaXNoLTkzMzAyMC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

GOP Senator Calls White House 'Cavalier' About The Constitution, Backs Curbs on Trump - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4ODkyNjQvZ29wLXNlbmF0b3ItY2FsbHMtd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtY2F2YWxpZXItYWJvdXQtdGhlLWNvbnN0aXR1dGlvbi1iYWNrcy1jdXJicy1vbi10cnXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

You Can Now Make $100,000 Working at Taco Bell - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTA5L3RhY28tYmVsbC1vZmZlcmluZy0xMDAtMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1hbWlkLW1vdW50aW5nLXdvcmtlci1zaG9ydGFnZdIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS90YWNvLWJlbGwtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwLTAwMC1zYWxhcnktYW1pZC1tb3VudGluZy13b3JrZXItc2hvcnRhZ2U?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Coyote attacks are extremely rare. But in Chicago, a man and child were bitten in one day - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NveW90ZXMtY2hpY2Fnby0yLXBlb3BsZS1iaXR0ZW4tbm9ydGgtc2lkZS1pbmNsdWRpbmctY2hpbGQvNDQxODkwMDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MTg5MDAwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Severe weather in Alabama: When will storms arrive where I live? - AL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItaW4tYWxhYmFtYS13aGVuLXdpbGwtc3Rvcm1zLWFycml2ZS13aGVyZS1pLWxpdmUuaHRtbNIBcmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItaW4tYWxhYmFtYS13aGVuLXdpbGwtc3Rvcm1zLWFycml2ZS13aGVyZS1pLWxpdmUuaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.al.com

Trump is taking credit for the decades-old decline in cancer deaths - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4NDkxL3RydW1wLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aC1yYXRl0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvc2NpZW5jZS1hbmQtaGVhbHRoLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4NDkxL3RydW1wLWNhbmNlci1kZWF0aC1yYXRl?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

6-foot grave found before Connecticut mom Jennifer Dulos' disappearance - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFvbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2hhbGxvdy1ncmF2ZS1mb3VuZC1iZWZvcmUtY29ubmVjdGljdXQtbW9tLWplbm5pZmVyLWR1bG9zLWRpc2FwcGVhcmFuY2UvMjM4OTc3ODYv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

California should have its own generic prescription drug label, governor says - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXByZXNjcmlwdGlvbi1kcnVnLWxhYmVsLWdvdmVybm9yLXNheXPSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbC1nb3Zlcm5vci1zYXlzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Shallow 'human grave' found before Connecticut mom Jennifer Dulos' disappearance - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9zaGFsbG93LWdyYXZlLWZvdW5kLWNvbm5lY3RpY3V0LW1vbS1qZW5uaWZlci1kdWxvcy1kaXNhcHBlYXJhbmNlLW4xMTEyODU20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4NTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Missile strike on U.S. targets ‘did not intend to kill,’ says Iranian commander - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Taco Bell is now offering some managers six-figure salaries and offering paid sick days for first time - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NvbWUtdGFjby1iZWxsLW1hbmFnZXJzLXN0YXJ0LWVhcm5pbmctMTAwLTAwMC15ZWFyLzQ0MTg3NzEwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDE4NzcxMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Arcadeo hands-on at CES 2020 - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9QTlXMHVCM1pJeVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Olympic athletes will be sleeping on cardboard beds at the Tokyo 2020 Games - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9reW8tMjAyMC1vbHltcGljLWF0aGxldGVzLXdpbGwtYmUtc2xlZXBpbmctb24tY2FyZGJvYXJkLWJlZHMuaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3Rva3lvLTIwMjAtb2x5bXBpYy1hdGhsZXRlcy13aWxsLWJlLXNsZWVwaW5nLW9uLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Saudi Arabia, Gulf Allies Fear Regional Fallout From US-Iran Fighting - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ1MTk4MTAvc2F1ZGktYXJhYmlhLXNvdWdodC1kaWFsb2d1ZS13aXRoLWlyYW4tdGhlbi10aGUtdS1zLWlyYW5pYW4tY29uZmxpY3QtZXNjYWxhdGVk0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Australia fires: NASA images show wildfires have destroyed nearly one third of Australia's Kangaroo Island - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLW5hc2Etc2F0ZWxsaXRlLWltYWdlcy1zaG93LXdpbGRmaXJlcy1kZXN0cm95LWthbmdhcm9vLWlzbGFuZC_SAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZXMtbmFzYS1zYXRlbGxpdGUtaW1hZ2VzLXNob3ctd2lsZGZpcmVzLWRlc3Ryb3kta2FuZ2Fyb28taXNsYW5kLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Prince Harry and Meghan to step back as senior royals - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiJGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay01MTA0MDc1MdIBKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvdWstNTEwNDA3NTE?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

17 products at CES that caught our attention - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGljYWdvdHJpYnVuZS5jb20vY29uc3VtZXItcmV2aWV3cy9zbnMtYmVzdHJldmlld3MtZWxlY3Ryb25pY3MtMTctcHJvZHVjdHMtd2UtbG92ZS1hdC1jZXMtMjAyMDAxMDktcDZ5MndpdjVkcmc1NW9jamZ5NjZnNHozbWEtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

New Hampshire Poll: Four-way race among Buttigeig, Biden, Sanders and Warren - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLXBvbGwtdGlnaHQtcmFjZS1iZXR3ZWVuLXBldGUtYnV0dGlnaWVnLWpvZS1iaWRlbi1iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1lbGl6YWJldGgtd2FycmVuLzQ0MTg4ODIwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDE4ODgyMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Sources -- John Beilein meets with Cavaliers players, gives emotional apology - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUzMDg3L3NvdXJjZXMtam9obi1iZWlsZWluLW1lZXRzLWNhdmFsaWVycy1wbGF5ZXJzLWdpdmVzLWVtb3Rpb25hbC1hcG9sb2d50gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmJhL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTMwODcvc291cmNlcy1qb2huLWJlaWxlaW4tbWVldHMtY2F2YWxpZXJzLXBsYXllcnMtZ2l2ZXMtZW1vdGlvbmFsLWFwb2xvZ3k_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Cavaliers coach John Beilein apologizes to players after calling them 'thugs' by mistake; job safe, per report - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25iYS9uZXdzL2NhdmFsaWVycy1jb2FjaC1qb2huLWJlaWxlaW4tYXBvbG9naXplcy10by1wbGF5ZXJzLWFmdGVyLWNhbGxpbmctdGhlbS10aHVncy1ieS1taXN0YWtlLWpvYi1zYWZlLXBlci1yZXBvcnQv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmJhL25ld3MvY2F2YWxpZXJzLWNvYWNoLWpvaG4tYmVpbGVpbi1hcG9sb2dpemVzLXRvLXBsYXllcnMtYWZ0ZXItY2FsbGluZy10aGVtLXRodWdzLWJ5LW1pc3Rha2Utam9iLXNhZmUtcGVyLXJlcG9ydC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Scientists Describe Trove of New Bird Species on Indonesian Islands - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vZ2l6bW9kby5jb20vc2NpZW50aXN0cy1kZXNjcmliZS10cm92ZS1vZi1uZXctYmlyZC1zcGVjaWVzLW9uLWluZG9uZS0xODQwOTAyOTky0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9naXptb2RvLmNvbS9zY2llbnRpc3RzLWRlc2NyaWJlLXRyb3ZlLW9mLW5ldy1iaXJkLXNwZWNpZXMtb24taW5kb25lLTE4NDA5MDI5OTIvYW1w?oc=5
https://gizmodo.com

Weber SmokeFire and Connect first look at CES 2020 - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MXhfSzliOG40VXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Mortgage rates drop amid simmering tensions with Iran - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb3J0Z2FnZS1yYXRlcy1kcm9wLWFtaWQtc2ltbWVyaW5nLXRlbnNpb25zLXdpdGgtaXJhbi0yMDIwLTAxLTA50gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzRDNEQxRkU4LTMyRjQtMTFFQS04MTdELTRGMTM3NUM4QTBEQQ?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Behold: This could be our first good look at Apple’s massive iPhone 12 redesign - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lwaG9uZS0xMi1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtbGVha2VkLWRlc2lnbi1pcGhvbmUtMTItcHJvL9IBUmh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lwaG9uZS0xMi1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtbGVha2VkLWRlc2lnbi1pcGhvbmUtMTItcHJvL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://bgr.com

BIRDS OF PREY – Official Trailer 2 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eDNIYmJ6SEs1TWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Predicting roster turnover for all 12 NFL playoff teams - Which players could move - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDQ3OTg1L3ByZWRpY3Rpbmctcm9zdGVyLXR1cm5vdmVyLWFsbC0xMi1uZmwtcGxheW9mZi10ZWFtcy13aGljaC1wbGF5ZXJzLW1vdmXSAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NDc5ODUvcHJlZGljdGluZy1yb3N0ZXItdHVybm92ZXItYWxsLTEyLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXRlYW1zLXdoaWNoLXBsYXllcnMtbW92ZT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Trump proposes massive environmental rollback to speed approval process - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC93aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS11bnZlaWxzLXBsYW4tc3BlZWQtYmlnLXByb2plY3RzLXBlcm1pdHMtc2lkZXN0ZXBwaW5nLWNsaW1hdGUtbjExMTI4MjHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjgyMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Fed Adds $83.1 Billion in Short-term Money to Markets - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZmVkLWFkZHMtODMtMS1iaWxsaW9uLWluLXNob3J0LXRlcm0tbW9uZXktdG8tbWFya2V0cy0xMTU3ODU4MjE5N9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Verizon’s great FiOS offer to me: Pay $50 extra for slower Internet - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2luZm9ybWF0aW9uLXRlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS92ZXJpem9ucy1ncmVhdC1maW9zLW9mZmVyLXRvLW1lLXBheS01MC1leHRyYS1mb3Itc2xvd2VyLWludGVybmV0L9IBfmh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2luZm9ybWF0aW9uLXRlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS92ZXJpem9ucy1ncmVhdC1maW9zLW9mZmVyLXRvLW1lLXBheS01MC1leHRyYS1mb3Itc2xvd2VyLWludGVybmV0Lz9hbXA9MQ?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

Mississippi State hires Washington State's Mike Leach to be next head coach - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL21pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLWhpcmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGVzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtdG8tYmUtbmV4dC1oZWFkLWNvYWNoL9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL21pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLWhpcmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGVzLW1pa2UtbGVhY2gtdG8tYmUtbmV4dC1oZWFkLWNvYWNoL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Newsom wants California to be first state to sell its own prescription drugs - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL25ld3NvbS13YW50cy1jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXRvLWJlLWZpcnN0LXN0YXRlLXRvLXNlbGwtaXRzLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Z3PSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9uZXdzb20td2FudHMtY2FsaWZvcm5pYS10by1iZS1maXJzdC1zdGF0ZS10by1zZWxsLWl0cy1vd24tcHJlc2NyaXB0aW9uLWRydWdzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Poll: Buttigieg, Sanders surge sets up 4-way tie in New Hampshire | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NTA4LXBvbGwtYnV0dGlnaWVnLXNhbmRlcnMtc3VyZ2UtdG8tc2V0LXVwLTQtd2F5LXRpZS1pbi1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJl0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9jYW1wYWlnbi80Nzc1MDgtcG9sbC1idXR0aWdpZWctc2FuZGVycy1zdXJnZS10by1zZXQtdXAtNC13YXktdGllLWluLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmU_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Why I Am Completely Convinced LSU Will Beat Clemson - And The Valley Shook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc5NTcvMjAxOS1sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWNvbXBsZXRlbHktY29udmluY2VkLWxzdS13aWxsLWJlYXQtY2xlbXNvbtIBlgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU3OTU3LzIwMTktbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwtcGxheW9mZi1jb21wbGV0ZWx5LWNvbnZpbmNlZC1sc3Utd2lsbC1iZWF0LWNsZW1zb24?oc=5
https://www.andthevalleyshook.com

Deals: Accessorize Your New iPhone 11 With Sales on Apple's Official Cases (Starting at $23.99) - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kZWFscy1hY2Nlc3Nvcml6ZS1pcGhvbmUtY2FzZXMv0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFjcnVtb3JzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2RlYWxzLWFjY2Vzc29yaXplLWlwaG9uZS1jYXNlcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

Harvey Weinstein Says His Judge Is Biased. His Judge Disagrees. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbnlyZWdpb24vaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi10cmlhbC5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9ueXJlZ2lvbi9oYXJ2ZXktd2VpbnN0ZWluLXRyaWFsLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Iranian Missile System Shot Down Ukraine Flight, Probably by Mistake, Sources Say - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9pcmFuaWFucy1zaG90LWRvd24tdWtyYWluZS1mbGlnaHQtbWlzdGFrZS1zb3VyY2VzLTE0ODEzMTPSAVhodHRwczovL3d3dy5uZXdzd2Vlay5jb20vaXJhbmlhbnMtc2hvdC1kb3duLXVrcmFpbmUtZmxpZ2h0LW1pc3Rha2Utc291cmNlcy0xNDgxMzEzP2FtcD0x?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Philadelphia man robs pharmacy because of 'sick child,' hands cashier note: 'You have 15 seconds' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3BoaWxhZGVscGhpYS1tYW4tcm9icy1waGFybWFjeS1iZWNhdXNlLW9mLXNpY2stY2hpbGQtaGFuZHMtY2FzaGllci1ub3RlLXlvdS1oYXZlLTE1LXNlY29uZHPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS91cy9waGlsYWRlbHBoaWEtbWFuLXJvYnMtcGhhcm1hY3ktYmVjYXVzZS1vZi1zaWNrLWNoaWxkLWhhbmRzLWNhc2hpZXItbm90ZS15b3UtaGF2ZS0xNS1zZWNvbmRzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Mike Leach leaves Washington State for Mississippi State - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1MzEyMi9taWtlLWxlYWNoLWxlYXZlcy13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlLW1pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRl0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUzMTIyL21pa2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmVzLXdhc2hpbmd0b24tc3RhdGUtbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktc3RhdGU_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

How Chris Paul Made OKC Thunder a Playoff Contender After Westbrook, PG13 Trades - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzAyMjktaG93LWNocmlzLXBhdWwtbWFkZS1va2MtdGh1bmRlci1hLXBsYXlvZmYtY29udGVuZGVyLWFmdGVyLXdlc3Ricm9vay1wZzEzLXRyYWRlc9IBiwFodHRwczovL3N5bmRpY2F0aW9uLmJsZWFjaGVycmVwb3J0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg3MDIyOS1ob3ctY2hyaXMtcGF1bC1tYWRlLW9rYy10aHVuZGVyLWEtcGxheW9mZi1jb250ZW5kZXItYWZ0ZXItd2VzdGJyb29rLXBnMTMtdHJhZGVzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

Explainer: Could Iran close the Strait of Hormuz? - NavyTimes.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5hdnl0aW1lcy5jb20vbmV3cy95b3VyLW5hdnkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9leHBsYWluZXItY291bGQtaXJhbi1jbG9zZS10aGUtc3RyYWl0LW9mLWhvcm11ei_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.navytimes.com

Meghan and Prince Harry Wax Figures Removed from Royal Family Display - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS13YXgtZmlndXJlcy1yZW1vdmVkLW1hZGFtZS10dXNzYXVkcy1sb25kb24tcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LWRpc3BsYXkv0gF6aHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudG16LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LXdheC1maWd1cmVzLXJlbW92ZWQtbWFkYW1lLXR1c3NhdWRzLWxvbmRvbi1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHktZGlzcGxheS8?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

'We Will Surely Find Out The Truth': Questions Linger About Jet Crash In Iran - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ4NjM2Nzgvd2Utd2lsbC1zdXJlbHktZmluZC1vdXQtdGhlLXRydXRoLXF1ZXN0aW9ucy1saW5nZXItYWJvdXQtamV0LWNyYXNoLWluLWlyYW7SAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

IOC makes it clear: Kneeling, raised fists, other protests not allowed at 2020 Olympics - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9vbHltcGljcy0yMDIwLXByb3Rlc3RzLWlvYy1ydWxlcy1rbmVlbGluZy0xNjU3MjgwOTcuaHRtbNIBWWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL29seW1waWNzLTIwMjAtcHJvdGVzdHMtaW9jLXJ1bGVzLWtuZWVsaW5nLTE2NTcyODA5Ny5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

House to vote on war powers resolution limiting Trump's ability to act against Iran — watch live stream today, updates on Iran news - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhbi1uZXdzLWhvdXNlLXRvLXZvdGUtb24td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1yZXNvbHV0aW9uLXRvLXJlaW4taW4tdHJ1bXBzLWF1dGhvcml0eS10by1zdHJpa2UtaXJhbi_SAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFuLW5ld3MtaG91c2UtdG8tdm90ZS1vbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tdG8tcmVpbi1pbi10cnVtcHMtYXV0aG9yaXR5LXRvLXN0cmlrZS1pcmFuLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Second baby in the US born from transplanted uterus of deceased donor - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvdXRlcnVzLXRyYW5zcGxhbnQtc2Vjb25kLWJpcnRoLXVzLWJuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hlYWx0aC91dGVydXMtdHJhbnNwbGFudC1zZWNvbmQtYmlydGgtdXMtYm4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Celebrities, activists using Australia bushfire crisis to push dangerous climate change myth: Devine - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy1hY3RpdmlzdHMtdXNpbmctYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2hmaXJlLWNyaXNpcy10by1wdXNoLWRhbmdlcm91cy1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1teXRoLWRldmluZS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvY2VsZWJyaXRpZXMtYWN0aXZpc3RzLXVzaW5nLWF1c3RyYWxpYS1idXNoZmlyZS1jcmlzaXMtdG8tcHVzaC1kYW5nZXJvdXMtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2UtbXl0aC1kZXZpbmUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Black execs sue McDonald's, claim systematic racial discrimination against workers, customers - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9ibGFjay1leGVjcy1zdWUtbWNkb25hbGQtcy1jbGFpbS1zeXN0ZW1hdGljLXJhY2lhbC1kaXNjcmltaW5hdGlvbi1hZ2FpbnN0LW4xMTEyOTMx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI5MzE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Drugstore robber in Philly says, 'I'm sorry, I have a sick child,' as he demands money - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHA6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy91cy1uZXdzL2RydWdzdG9yZS1yb2JiZXItcGhpbGx5LXNheXMtaS1tLXNvcnJ5LWktaGF2ZS1zaWNrLW4xMTEzMDI20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMwMjY?oc=5
http://www.nbcnews.com

Brad Pitt says Bradley Cooper helped him get sober: 'Every day has been happier ever since' - Entertainment Weekly News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL21vdmllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1zYXlzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWhlbHBlZC1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyL9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL21vdmllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1zYXlzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWhlbHBlZC1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://ew.com

Taco Bell offers $100,000 salaries and paid sick time - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLWhpZ2hlci1zYWxhcmllcy1wYWlkLXNpY2stdGltZdIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLWhpZ2hlci1zYWxhcmllcy1wYWlkLXNpY2stdGltZT9fYW1wPXRydWU?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: 'Can't Think of Anything Dumber' Than Giving Congress War Powers - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3NhcmFoLWh1Y2thYmVlLXNhbmRlcnMtY2xhaW1zLXNoZS1jYW50LXRoaW5rLW9mLWFueXRoaW5nLWR1bWJlci10aGFuLWdpdmluZy1jb25ncmVzcy13YXItcG93ZXJz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Brad Pitt says Bradley Cooper encouraged him to get sober - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYnJhZC1waXR0LWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLXNvYmVy0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9icmFkLXBpdHQtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItc29iZXIuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Why Your State Is Growing or Stalling or Shrinking - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXBzaG90L2FtZXJpY2FuLXBvcHVsYXRpb24tc2xvd2Rvd24uaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXBzaG90L2FtZXJpY2FuLXBvcHVsYXRpb24tc2xvd2Rvd24uYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

'I left parts of my body in Iraq': Duckworth rips into GOP rep who said Democrats 'love' terrorists - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90YW1teS1kdWNrd29ydGgtZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy10ZXJyb3Jpc3RzLWNubnR2L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL3RhbW15LWR1Y2t3b3J0aC1kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMtY25udHYvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

U.S. jobless claims fall for 4th week in a row to 214,000, back near post-recession lows - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS91cy1qb2JsZXNzLWNsYWltcy1mYWxsLWZvci00dGgtd2Vlay1pbi1hLXJvdy10by0yMTQwMDAtYmFjay1uZWFyLXBvc3RyZWNlc3Npb24tbG93LTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvM0NGQ0JDNzItMzI2MC0xMUVBLTk3MzMtNjEwMzg1MDlCQUIy?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Jail video of Jeffrey Epstein's first suicide attempt was deleted, prosecutors reveal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamFpbC12aWRlby1vZi1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW5zLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC13YXMtZGVsZXRlZC5odG1s0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamFpbC12aWRlby1vZi1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW5zLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC13YXMtZGVsZXRlZC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Galaxy group 13 billion light-years from Earth causing 'cosmic makeover' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvZ2FsYXh5LWdyb3VwLWNhdXNpbmctY29zbWljLW1ha2VvdmVy0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS9nYWxheHktZ3JvdXAtY2F1c2luZy1jb3NtaWMtbWFrZW92ZXIuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Bucks Hold On For Victory In San Francisco - Brew Hoop
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJyZXdob29wLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODAyMy9taWx3YXVrZWUtdnMtZ29sZGVuLXN0YXRlLWdhbWUtcmV2aWV3LWJ1Y2tzLXdhcnJpb3JzLWphbnVhcnktOS0yMDIw0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYnJld2hvb3AuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODAyMy9taWx3YXVrZWUtdnMtZ29sZGVuLXN0YXRlLWdhbWUtcmV2aWV3LWJ1Y2tzLXdhcnJpb3JzLWphbnVhcnktOS0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.brewhoop.com

Aaron Rodgers understands Cowboys' 'infatuation' with Mike McCarthy - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Fhcm9uLXJvZGdlcnMtdW5kZXJzdGFuZHMtY293Ym95cy1pbmZhdHVhdGlvbi13aXRoLW1pa2UtbWNjYXJ0aHkv0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYWFyb24tcm9kZ2Vycy11bmRlcnN0YW5kcy1jb3dib3lzLWluZmF0dWF0aW9uLXdpdGgtbWlrZS1tY2NhcnRoeS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Prince Harry and Meghan: Queen asks staff to find solution with Sussexes - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiJGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay01MTA1NTA3NNIBKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvdWstNTEwNTUwNzQ?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Cowboy Cerrone sends stern warning to mouthy Conor McGregor: Don’t talk about my kid or my grandma - MMAmania.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFtYW5pYS5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg2NTMvY293Ym95LWNlcnJvbmUtc2VuZHMtc3Rlcm4td2FybmluZy1tb3V0aHktY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItZG9udC10YWxrLWFib3V0LW15LWtpZC1teS1ncmFuZG1hLW1tYdIBlgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFtYW5pYS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4NjUzL2Nvd2JveS1jZXJyb25lLXNlbmRzLXN0ZXJuLXdhcm5pbmctbW91dGh5LWNvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLWRvbnQtdGFsay1hYm91dC1teS1raWQtbXktZ3JhbmRtYS1tbWE?oc=5
https://www.mmamania.com

Sources - Ravens RB Mark Ingram expected to play against Titans - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDUyODEyL3NvdXJjZXMtcmF2ZW5zLXJiLW1hcmstaW5ncmFtLWV4cGVjdGVkLXBsYXktdGl0YW5z0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTI4MTIvc291cmNlcy1yYXZlbnMtcmItbWFyay1pbmdyYW0tZXhwZWN0ZWQtcGxheS10aXRhbnM_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Was Trump's Order To Airstrike Iranian General Qassem Soleimani Legal? | NBC News NOW - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U3JwZEl4N3dMNlnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

3 Tax Mistakes That Could Ruin Your Retirement - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL3JldGlyZW1lbnQvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS8zLXRheC1taXN0YWtlcy10aGF0LWNvdWxkLXJ1aW4teW91ci1yZXRpcmVtZW50LmFzcHjSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb29sLmNvbS9hbXAvcmV0aXJlbWVudC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5LzMtdGF4LW1pc3Rha2VzLXRoYXQtY291bGQtcnVpbi15b3VyLXJldGlyZW1lbnQuYXNweA?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Samsung’s Galaxy XCover Pro brings back the removable battery - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2dhZGdldHMvMjAyMC8wMS9zYW1zdW5ncy1nYWxheHkteGNvdmVyLXByby1icmluZ3MtYmFjay10aGUtcmVtb3ZhYmxlLWJhdHRlcnkv0gFraHR0cHM6Ly9hcnN0ZWNobmljYS5jb20vZ2FkZ2V0cy8yMDIwLzAxL3NhbXN1bmdzLWdhbGF4eS14Y292ZXItcHJvLWJyaW5ncy1iYWNrLXRoZS1yZW1vdmFibGUtYmF0dGVyeS8_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

Lunchbreak: NFL.com Lists X-factors for Vikings-49ers Playoff Matchup - Vikings.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZpa2luZ3MuY29tL25ld3MvbHVuY2hicmVhay1uZmwtY29tLWxpc3RzLXgtZmFjdG9ycy1mb3ItdmlraW5ncy00OWVycy1wbGF5b2ZmLW1hdGNodXDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.vikings.com

Trump Tweets ‘All Is Well,’ but Late Night Has Its Doubts - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXJ0cy90ZWxldmlzaW9uL2xhdGUtbmlnaHQtdHJ1bXAtdHdlZXQtaXJhbi1zZXRoLW1leWVycy5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcnRzL3RlbGV2aXNpb24vbGF0ZS1uaWdodC10cnVtcC10d2VldC1pcmFuLXNldGgtbWV5ZXJzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Lebanon bans ex-Nissan boss Ghosn from traveling: judicial sources - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvbGViYW5vbi1iYW5zLWV4LW5pc3Nhbi1ib3NzLWdob3NuLXRyYXZlbGluZy1qdWRpY2lhbC1zb3VyY2VzLW4xMTEyODM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4MzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

At the Heart of France’s Strikes, a Fight Between Haves and Have-Nots - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2ZyYW5jZS1zdHJpa2VzLXBlbnNpb25zLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dvcmxkL2V1cm9wZS9mcmFuY2Utc3RyaWtlcy1wZW5zaW9ucy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Surveillance video from Jeffrey Epstein's first apparent suicide attempt 'no longer exists' - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9zdXJ2ZWlsbGFuY2UtdmlkZW8tamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLXMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LW5vLW4xMTEzMTY20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMxNjY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

McDonald's faces lawsuit from executives alleging racial discrimination - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWNkb25hbGRzLWZhY2VzLWxhd3N1aXQtZnJvbS1leGVjdXRpdmVzLWFsbGVnaW5nLXJhY2lhbC1kaXNjcmltaW5hdGlvbi5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWNkb25hbGRzLWZhY2VzLWxhd3N1aXQtZnJvbS1leGVjdXRpdmVzLWFsbGVnaW5nLXJhY2lhbC1kaXNjcmltaW5hdGlvbi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Apple Launches 'Shot on iPhone' Night Mode Photo Contest (And Winners Will Get Paid) - PetaPixel
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vcGV0YXBpeGVsLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FwcGxlLWxhdW5jaGVzLXNob3Qtb24taXBob25lLW5pZ2h0LW1vZGUtcGhvdG8tY29udGVzdC1hbmQtd2lubmVycy13aWxsLWdldC1wYWlkL9IBAA?oc=5
https://petapixel.com

Chrome will soon hide those annoying website notification requests - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1jaHJvbWUtaGlkZS13ZWJzaXRlLW5vdGlmaWNhdGlvbi1yZXF1ZXN0cy0xMDczMjk0L9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1jaHJvbWUtaGlkZS13ZWJzaXRlLW5vdGlmaWNhdGlvbi1yZXF1ZXN0cy0xMDczMjk0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Chicago hasn't had a coyote attack in decades. Yesterday, it had 2 - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9jaGljYWdvLWNveW90ZS1zaWdodGluZ3MtYXR0YWNrLWNoaWxkLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvY2hpY2Fnby1jb3lvdGUtc2lnaHRpbmdzLWF0dGFjay1jaGlsZC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Lebanon bans ex-Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn from foreign travel - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNjbXAuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QvYXJ0aWNsZS8zMDQ1NDQxL2xlYmFub24tYmFucy1leC1uaXNzYW4tY2hpZWYtY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWZvcmVpZ24tdHJhdmVs0gF0aHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuc2NtcC5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC9taWRkbGUtZWFzdC9hcnRpY2xlLzMwNDU0NDEvbGViYW5vbi1iYW5zLWV4LW5pc3Nhbi1jaGllZi1jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tZm9yZWlnbi10cmF2ZWw?oc=5
https://www.scmp.com

Scientists may have cracked a cellular secret to living a longer life - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NjaWVuY2UtbmV3cy13b3JtLWxpZmVzcGFuLXJlc2VhcmNoL9IBQ2h0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NjaWVuY2UtbmV3cy13b3JtLWxpZmVzcGFuLXJlc2VhcmNoL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://bgr.com

New Virus Related to SARS May Be Behind Mysterious Pneumonia Outbreak in China - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9uZXctY29yb25hdmlydXMtcG5ldW1vbmlhLW91dGJyZWFrLWNoaW5hLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5saXZlc2NpZW5jZS5jb20vYW1wL25ldy1jb3JvbmF2aXJ1cy1wbmV1bW9uaWEtb3V0YnJlYWstY2hpbmEuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Ghosn says fleeing Japan was 'most difficult decision' of his life - Global News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VlZ4M05salNtbHfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Macy's closing 28 stores despite upbeat holiday sales numbers - WLS-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vYWJjN2NoaWNhZ28uY29tL3Nob3BwaW5nL21hY3lzLWNsb3NpbmctMjgtc3RvcmVzLWRlc3BpdGUtdXBiZWF0LWhvbGlkYXktc2FsZXMtbnVtYmVycy81ODI5OTk4L9IBI2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjN2NoaWNhZ28uY29tL2FtcC81ODI5OTk4?oc=5
https://abc7chicago.com

Ex-Nissan Chairman Ghosn: I didn't escape Japan in a musical box - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL2dob3NuLWktZGlkbnQtZXNjYXBlLWphcGFuLWluLWEtbXVzaWNhbC1ib3jSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy9naG9zbi1pLWRpZG50LWVzY2FwZS1qYXBhbi1pbi1hLW11c2ljYWwtYm94LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

John Landgraf Calls FX On Hulu “Transformative Opportunity” For Cabler As Digital Hub Sets March Launch Plans – TCA - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvam9obi1sYW5kZ3JhZi1jYWxscy1meC1vbi1odWx1LXRyYW5zZm9ybWF0aXZlLW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5LWZvci1jYWJsZXItdGNhLTEyMDI4MjU2MzMvYW1wL9IBdWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvam9obi1sYW5kZ3JhZi1jYWxscy1meC1vbi1odWx1LXRyYW5zZm9ybWF0aXZlLW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5LWZvci1jYWJsZXItdGNhLTEyMDI4MjU2MzMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://deadline.com

As wildfires get worse, smoke spreads, stokes health worries - KCRA Sacramento
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtjcmEuY29tL2FydGljbGUvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc21va2UtZWZmZWN0cy1oZWFsdGgtc3Ryb2tlLzMwNDU1NjA40gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cua2NyYS5jb20vYW1wL2FydGljbGUvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc21va2UtZWZmZWN0cy1oZWFsdGgtc3Ryb2tlLzMwNDU1NjA4?oc=5
https://www.kcra.com

Video Shows Ukrainian Plane Being Hit Over Iran - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8vaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1taXNzaWxlLmh0bWzSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3ZpZGVvL2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtbWlzc2lsZS5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Internal debate rages over adding House members to Trump defense team - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtZ29wLXRyaWFsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1nb3AtdHJpYWwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Google Booth tour at CES 2020 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9V21lOG1MNU5aUGfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

LSU vs. Clemson odds, line, spread: Predictions, picks, props for national championship 2020 - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9sc3UtdnMtY2xlbXNvbi1vZGRzLWxpbmUtc3ByZWFkLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLXBpY2tzLXByb3BzLWZvci1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtMjAyMC_SAYsBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsL25ld3MvbHN1LXZzLWNsZW1zb24tb2Rkcy1saW5lLXNwcmVhZC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1waWNrcy1wcm9wcy1mb3ItbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLTIwMjAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

California hiker, 17, survives being stranded for 30 hours in snowy Utah mountains: ‘I shouldn’t even be al... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEtaGlrZXItc3Vydml2YWwtc3Rvcnktc3RyYW5kZWQtdXRhaC1tb3VudGFpbnPSAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS91cy9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLWhpa2VyLXN1cnZpdmFsLXN0b3J5LXN0cmFuZGVkLXV0YWgtbW91bnRhaW5zLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Rachel Bloom and Fran Drescher are co-writing a Broadway musical version of The Nanny - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1ibG9vbS1hbmQtZnJhbi1kcmVzY2hlci1hcmUtY28td3JpdGluZy1hLWJyb2Fkd2EtMTg0MDg4MTkxMtIBXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1ibG9vbS1hbmQtZnJhbi1kcmVzY2hlci1hcmUtY28td3JpdGluZy1hLWJyb2Fkd2EtMTg0MDg4MTkxMi9hbXA?oc=5
https://news.avclub.com

The Nanny musical in the works for Broadway by way of Fran Drescher, Rachel Bloom - Entertainment Weekly News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL3RoZWF0ZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC90aGUtbmFubnktbXVzaWNhbC1icm9hZHdheS1mcmFuLWRyZXNjaGVyLXJhY2hlbC1ibG9vbS_SAVxodHRwczovL2V3LmNvbS90aGVhdGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdGhlLW5hbm55LW11c2ljYWwtYnJvYWR3YXktZnJhbi1kcmVzY2hlci1yYWNoZWwtYmxvb20vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://ew.com

R. Kelly’s girlfriends fight at Trump Tower, charges filed - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JyZWFraW5nL2N0LXIta2VsbHktZmlnaHQtdHJ1bXAtdG93ZXItMjAyMDAxMDkta2E0cnJ6ZXd1amY0aGU2cnVlaXh3bHh5YW0tc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

Goldilocks stars are best places to look for life - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOGh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWdvbGRpbG9ja3Mtc3RhcnMtbGlmZS5odG1s0gE3aHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtZ29sZGlsb2Nrcy1zdGFycy1saWZlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

As wildfires get worse, smoke spreads, stokes health worries - KCRA Sacramento
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtjcmEuY29tL2FydGljbGUvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc21va2UtaGVhbHRoLWVmZmVjdHMvMzA0NTU2MDjSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5rY3JhLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1zbW9rZS1oZWFsdGgtZWZmZWN0cy8zMDQ1NTYwOA?oc=5
https://www.kcra.com

Former Nissan chair Carlos Ghosn on escape from Japan: "I fled injustice" - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VDdBUE13aF9FVjDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

MTV's 'Are You The One' Contestant Alexis Eddy Dead at 23 - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcmUteW91LXRoZS1vbmUtYWxleGlzLWVkZHktZGVhZC1kaWVzLW10di_SAUlodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXJlLXlvdS10aGUtb25lLWFsZXhpcy1lZGR5LWRlYWQtZGllcy1tdHYv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Soleimani killing: US House debates Trump's military powers - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TWE1cXNmaE9oQVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Taco Bell to pay $100,000 salaries to some store managers - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdGFjby1iZWxsLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcmllcy1wYWlkLXRvLXNvbWUtcmVzdGF1cmFudC1tYW5hZ2Vycy_SAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy90YWNvLWJlbGwtMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyaWVzLXBhaWQtdG8tc29tZS1yZXN0YXVyYW50LW1hbmFnZXJzLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

BIRDS OF PREY Trailer #2 (2020) Margot Robbie Superhero Movie - JoBlo Movie Trailers
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WVlvMzBoU3ZueW_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Kirk Herbstreit: Urban Meyer 'made up' headlines at Florida - 247Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovLzI0N3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vQXJ0aWNsZS9LaXJrLUhlcmJzdHJlaXQtVXJiYW4tTWV5ZXItRmxvcmlkYS1HYXRvcnMtQ2xlbXNvbi1UaWdlci1EYWJvLVN3aW5uZXktZmFrZS1oZWFkbGluZXMtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC0xNDE4OTMzNzIv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vMjQ3c3BvcnRzLmNvbS9BcnRpY2xlL0tpcmstSGVyYnN0cmVpdC1VcmJhbi1NZXllci1GbG9yaWRhLUdhdG9ycy1DbGVtc29uLVRpZ2VyLURhYm8tU3dpbm5leS1mYWtlLWhlYWRsaW5lcy1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsLTE0MTg5MzM3Mi9BbXAv?oc=5
https://247sports.com

Mandel: Figuring out the mystery of Little Ol’ Clemson - The Athletic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlYXRobGV0aWMuY29tLzE1MjA4MDMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW5kZWwtZmlndXJpbmctb3V0LXRoZS1teXN0ZXJ5LW9mLWxpdHRsZS1vbC1jbGVtc29uL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlYXRobGV0aWMuY29tLzE1MjA4MDMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW5kZWwtZmlndXJpbmctb3V0LXRoZS1teXN0ZXJ5LW9mLWxpdHRsZS1vbC1jbGVtc29uLz9hbXA?oc=5
https://theathletic.com

Cuttlefish 3D glasses study finds the species' brains use stereopsis to perceive depth, scientists say - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2NpZW50aXN0cy1wdXQtM2QtZ2xhc3Nlcy1vbi1jdXR0bGVmaXNoLWFuZC1wbGF5ZWQtbW92aWUtY2xpcHMtaGVyZXMtd2hhdC10aGV5LWRpc2NvdmVyZWQv0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3Mvc2NpZW50aXN0cy1wdXQtM2QtZ2xhc3Nlcy1vbi1jdXR0bGVmaXNoLWFuZC1wbGF5ZWQtbW92aWUtY2xpcHMtaGVyZXMtd2hhdC10aGV5LWRpc2NvdmVyZWQv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Exclusive: Informants in Iraq, Syria helped U.S. kill Iran's Soleimani - sources - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYXEtc2VjdXJpdHktc29sZWltYW5pLWV4Y2x1c2l2ZS9leGNsdXNpdmUtaW5mb3JtYW50cy1pbi1pcmFxLXN5cmlhLWhlbHBlZC11cy1raWxsLWlyYW5zLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1zb3VyY2VzLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgyOUzSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MjlM?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Prince William’s Pissed the Sussexes Dropped Their News *Right* Before Kate Middleton’s Birthday - Cosmopolitan
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvc21vcG9saXRhbi5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnMvYTMwNDU3MjU0L3ByaW5jZS13aWxsaWFtLXBpc3NlZC1zdXNzZXhlcy1rYXRlLW1pZGRsZXRvbi1iaXJ0aGRheS_SAXVodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb3Ntb3BvbGl0YW4uY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvY2VsZWJzL2FtcDMwNDU3MjU0L3ByaW5jZS13aWxsaWFtLXBpc3NlZC1zdXNzZXhlcy1rYXRlLW1pZGRsZXRvbi1iaXJ0aGRheS8?oc=5
https://www.cosmopolitan.com

UFC 246: Inside the Octagon - McGregor vs Cowboy - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9OUdBMDJsOEw4MXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fed has ‘reasonable chance’ of achieving a soft landing despite upturn in geopolitical risk, Bullard says - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvZmVkLWhhcy1yZWFzb25hYmxlLWNoYW5jZS1vZi1hY2hpZXZpbmctYS1zb2Z0LWxhbmRpbmctZGVzcGl0ZS11cHR1cm4taW4tZ2VvcG9saXRpY2FsLXJpc2stYnVsbGFyZC1zYXlzLTIwMjAtMDEtMDnSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvNDZBNzRCREEtMzMwOS0xMUVBLTg3RDMtMkYwREZENUQzMThC?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

U.S. weekly jobless claims fall, but labor market cooling - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXkvdXMtd2Vla2x5LWpvYmxlc3MtY2xhaW1zLWZhbGwtYnV0LWxhYm9yLW1hcmtldC1jb29saW5nLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgxUFjSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MVBY?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

MTV reality star Alexis Eddy dead at 23: report - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbXR2LWFsZXhpcy1lZGR5LWRlYWTSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L210di1hbGV4aXMtZWRkeS1kZWFkLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump: We killed a man who killed thousands of people - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WEdnR1pFbEtLQnfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

After Saints game, Vikings' Kyle Rudolph thought he donated gloves to charity; they were sold instead - NOLA.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5vbGEuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9zYWludHMvYXJ0aWNsZV9hMjg2ZjE2Ni0zMmY2LTExZWEtYTUxMC0yM2I5NmFiOWFkNDEuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5vbGEuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9zYWludHMvYXJ0aWNsZV9hMjg2ZjE2Ni0zMmY2LTExZWEtYTUxMC0yM2I5NmFiOWFkNDEuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nola.com

Dow Jones Up 200 Points As Iran Fears Fade And Apple, Goldman Stocks Rally - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLXVwLW5lYXJseS0yMDAtcG9pbnRzLWFzLWlyYW4tZmVhcnMtZmFkZS1hcHBsZS1nb2xkbWFuLXJhbGx5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Investors are feeling a lot calmer today about the United States and Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYXNpYW4tbWFya2V0LWxhdGVzdC1vaWwtcHJpY2VzLWdvbGQtcHJpY2VzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L2ludmVzdGluZy9hc2lhbi1tYXJrZXQtbGF0ZXN0LW9pbC1wcmljZXMtZ29sZC1wcmljZXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Hubble detects smallest known dark matter clumps - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWh1YmJsZS1zbWFsbGVzdC1kYXJrLWNsdW1wcy5odG1s0gE9aHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtaHViYmxlLXNtYWxsZXN0LWRhcmstY2x1bXBzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Trump says he is open to witnesses testifying at his impeachment trial in the Senate if Schiff, Biden are called - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtb3Blbi10by13aXRuZXNzZXMtdGVzdGlmeWluZy1hdC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1pbi1zZW5hdGUuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydW1wLW9wZW4tdG8td2l0bmVzc2VzLXRlc3RpZnlpbmctYXQtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtaW4tc2VuYXRlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Losing Meghan, Prince Harry and and (Potentially) Billions of Pounds - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3R5bGUvaGFycnktbWVnaGFuLmh0bWzSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3N0eWxlL2hhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

New 'Birds of Prey' trailer appears to kill off Jared Leto's Joker and Twitter is celebrating: 'Thank you Harley Quinn!' - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy55YWhvby5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9iaXJkcy1vZi1wcmV5LXRyYWlsZXIta2lsbHMtamFyZWQtbGV0by1qb2tlci1kZWF0aC1oYXJsZXktcXVpbm4tbWFyZ290LXJvYmJpZS0xOTQwMzU5MTUuaHRtbNIBiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2JpcmRzLW9mLXByZXktdHJhaWxlci1raWxscy1qYXJlZC1sZXRvLWpva2VyLWRlYXRoLWhhcmxleS1xdWlubi1tYXJnb3Qtcm9iYmllLTE5NDAzNTkxNS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trove of New Bird Species Found on Remote Indonesian Islands - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9iaXJkcy1uZXctc3BlY2llcy1pbmRvbmVzaWEuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9iaXJkcy1uZXctc3BlY2llcy1pbmRvbmVzaWEuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Doug Collins Reminded Trump 'Attacked' Gold Star Families After Democrats Soleimani Comment - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtdHJ1bXAtYXR0YWNrZWQtZ29sZC1zdGFyLWZhbWlsaWVzLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1zb2xlaW1hbmktaXJhbi0xNDgxMjU00gFuaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL2RvdWctY29sbGlucy10cnVtcC1hdHRhY2tlZC1nb2xkLXN0YXItZmFtaWxpZXMtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1pcmFuLTE0ODEyNTQ_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

‘The Outsider’ Brings a Faceless Terror, and Stephen King, to HBO - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXJ0cy90ZWxldmlzaW9uL3RoZS1vdXRzaWRlci1zdGVwaGVuLWtpbmctaGJvLmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FydHMvdGVsZXZpc2lvbi90aGUtb3V0c2lkZXItc3RlcGhlbi1raW5nLWhiby5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Scientists observe ultrafast birth of radicals - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLXNjaWVudGlzdHMtdWx0cmFmYXN0LWJpcnRoLXJhZGljYWxzLmh0bWzSAUVodHRwczovL3BoeXMub3JnL25ld3MvMjAyMC0wMS1zY2llbnRpc3RzLXVsdHJhZmFzdC1iaXJ0aC1yYWRpY2Fscy5hbXA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Taco Bell customers arrested after argument reportedly leads to behind-the-counter fight - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2Zvb2QtZHJpbmsvdGFjby1iZWxsLWJlaGluZC1jb3VudGVyLWZpZ2h0LWFyZ3VtZW500gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vZm9vZC1kcmluay90YWNvLWJlbGwtYmVoaW5kLWNvdW50ZXItZmlnaHQtYXJndW1lbnQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

LSU vs. Clemson odds, line: 2020 National Championship Game picks, predictions by top-rated model on 8-2 roll - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9sc3UtdnMtY2xlbXNvbi1vZGRzLWxpbmUtMjAyMC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtZ2FtZS1waWNrcy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1ieS10b3AtcmF0ZWQtbW9kZWwtb24tOC0yLXJvbGwv0gGeAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL2xzdS12cy1jbGVtc29uLW9kZHMtbGluZS0yMDIwLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1nYW1lLXBpY2tzLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLWJ5LXRvcC1yYXRlZC1tb2RlbC1vbi04LTItcm9sbC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Trump administration plans to announce 100-mile mark on border wall construction - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Trump takes credit for decline in cancer deaths. The American Cancer Society says he's wrong - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9jYW5jZXItZGVhdGhzLXRydW1wLWZhY3QtY2hlY2stYm4vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvY2FuY2VyLWRlYXRocy10cnVtcC1mYWN0LWNoZWNrLWJuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Video of Jeffrey Epstein cell during suicide attempt gone: feds - New York Daily News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9uZXcteW9yay9ueS1lcHN0ZWluLXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC12aWRlby0yMDIwMDEwOS0zcHlvazZiajd2YWMzZ250NzdocDVmc21vbS1zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGDAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9uZXcteW9yay9ueS1lcHN0ZWluLXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC12aWRlby0yMDIwMDEwOS0zcHlvazZiajd2YWMzZ250NzdocDVmc21vbS1zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.nydailynews.com

A billion animals have been caught in Australia’s fires. Some may go extinct. - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmUtYW5pbWFscy1raWxsZWQv0gFfaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS1hbmltYWxzLWtpbGxlZC8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

The Internet Reacts To The Pokémon With A Gun - Kotaku
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8va290YWt1LmNvbS90aGUtaW50ZXJuZXQtcmVhY3RzLXRvLXRoZS1wb2tlbW9uLXdpdGgtYS1ndW4tMTg0MDkwNzg2N9IBT2h0dHBzOi8va290YWt1LmNvbS90aGUtaW50ZXJuZXQtcmVhY3RzLXRvLXRoZS1wb2tlbW9uLXdpdGgtYS1ndW4tMTg0MDkwNzg2Ny9hbXA?oc=5
https://kotaku.com

Drugstore robber in Philly says, 'I'm sorry, I have a sick child,' as he demands money - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9kcnVnc3RvcmUtcm9iYmVyLXBoaWxseS1zYXlzLWktbS1zb3JyeS1pLWhhdmUtc2ljay1uMTExMzAyNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMDI2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Jeffrey Epstein: Jail CCTV erased by 'technical errors' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNTMyMDXSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA1MzIwNQ?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Here's what happened to the stock market on Thursday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd2hhdC1oYXBwZW5lZC10by1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdGh1cnNkYXktcmVjb3JkLWhpZ2hzLWFzLWlyYW4tdGVuc2lvbnMtZGVjcmVhc2UuaHRtbNIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3doYXQtaGFwcGVuZWQtdG8tc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LXRodXJzZGF5LXJlY29yZC1oaWdocy1hcy1pcmFuLXRlbnNpb25zLWRlY3JlYXNlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Massive NASA rocket part to help put first woman on the Moon, to be ferried up Mississippi River on barge - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9uYXNhLXJvY2tldC1iYXJnZS1zY24vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Dow 29,000 in sight, as fading Mideast tensions help to jolt stock market higher - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9kb3ctb24tdGhlLXZlcmdlLW9mLW5vdGNoaW5nLW1pbGVzdG9uZS1sZXZlbC1hdC0yOTAwMC1hcy1taWRlYXN0LXRlbnNpb25zLWZhZGUtMjAyMC0wMS0wOdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC8yQ0MxMTlGQy0zMkVDLTExRUEtODdEMy0yRjBERkQ1RDMxOEI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

The Mystery Virus in China Might Be an Undiscovered Cousin of SARS, Scientists Say - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vZ2l6bW9kby5jb20vdGhlLW15c3RlcnktdmlydXMtaW4tY2hpbmEtbWlnaHQtYmUtYW4tdW5kaXNjb3ZlcmVkLWNvdS0xODQwOTA3NTQz0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9naXptb2RvLmNvbS90aGUtbXlzdGVyeS12aXJ1cy1pbi1jaGluYS1taWdodC1iZS1hbi11bmRpc2NvdmVyZWQtY291LTE4NDA5MDc1NDMvYW1w?oc=5
https://gizmodo.com

Our Galaxy Has Thousands of Alien Stars That Didn't Come from the Milky Way - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9tYWdlbGxhbmljLXN0YXJzLWluc2lkZS1taWxreS13YXkuaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9hbXAvbWFnZWxsYW5pYy1zdGFycy1pbnNpZGUtbWlsa3ktd2F5Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

2020 Democrats face commander-in-chief test as Iran crisis sparks foreign policy debate - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9wb2xpdGljcy9kZW1vY3JhdHMtMjAyMC1mb3JlaWduLXBvbGljeS10ZXN0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3BvbGl0aWNzL2RlbW9jcmF0cy0yMDIwLWZvcmVpZ24tcG9saWN5LXRlc3QvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Why I Am Completely Convinced LSU Will Lose To Clemson - And The Valley Shook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTc5NDQvMjAxOS1sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtd2h5LWNsZW1zb24tdGlnZXJzLXdpbtIBkAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU3OTQ0LzIwMTktbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwtbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLXdoeS1jbGVtc29uLXRpZ2Vycy13aW4?oc=5
https://www.andthevalleyshook.com

Chicago weather: Freezing rain, strong winds possible — then snow - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyL2N0LWNoaWNhZ28td2VhdGhlci13aW50ZXItc3Rvcm0tc2F0dXJkYXktMjAyMDAxMDkteDZweTNrc25zbmVqdmF5eGFmNnd2d2Jwd2Utc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

New 'Birds of Prey' trailer appears to kill off Jared Leto's Joker and Twitter is celebrating: 'Thank you Harley Quinn!' - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy55YWhvby5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9iaXJkcy1vZi1wcmV5LXRyYWlsZXIta2lsbHMtamFyZWQtbGV0by1qb2tlci1kZWF0aC1oYXJsZXktcXVpbm4tbWFyZ290LXJvYmJpZS0xOTQwMzU5MTUuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Iranian Hackers Have Been ‘Password-Spraying’ the US Grid - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9pcmFuLWFwdDMzLXVzLWVsZWN0cmljLWdyaWQv0gE7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2lyZWQuY29tL3N0b3J5L2lyYW4tYXB0MzMtdXMtZWxlY3RyaWMtZ3JpZC9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

Trump has created a loophole to allow pipelines to avoid environmental review - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcG9saWN5LWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODM4Mi90cnVtcC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXJvbGxiYWNrcy1waXBlbGluZXPSAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC9wb2xpY3ktYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4MzgyL3RydW1wLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtcm9sbGJhY2tzLXBpcGVsaW5lcw?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Schiff throws cold water on bringing Bolton to House committee before Senate trial - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9hZGFtLXNjaGlmZi1qb2huLWJvbHRvbi10ZXN0aWZ5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL2FkYW0tc2NoaWZmLWpvaG4tYm9sdG9uLXRlc3RpZnkvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Appeals Court Allows Trump To Divert $3.6 Billion In Military Funds For Border Wall - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTQ5NjkxMjEvYXBwZWFscy1jb3VydC1hbGxvd3MtdHJ1bXAtdG8tZGl2ZXJ0LTMtNi1iaWxsaW9uLWluLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWZ1bmRzLWZvci1ib3JkZXItd2HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Texas 15-year-old's death is youngest vaping lung injury fatality in the United States - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvY2RjLXZhcGluZy1sdW5nLWluanVyeS1ldmFsaS10ZWVuLXVwZGF0ZS1ibi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvY2RjLXZhcGluZy1sdW5nLWluanVyeS1ldmFsaS10ZWVuLXVwZGF0ZS1ibi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

LSU football practice report (Jan. 9): Joe Burrow's last open practice on campus - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfMGZiYTU5ZjYtMzMxYy0xMWVhLWFhZGItYjM1MDg1NDA5N2JkLmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVhZHZvY2F0ZS5jb20vYmF0b25fcm91Z2Uvc3BvcnRzL2xzdS9hcnRpY2xlXzBmYmE1OWY2LTMzMWMtMTFlYS1hYWRiLWIzNTA4NTQwOTdiZC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

Rep. Collins says Democrats are 'in love with terrorists,' 'mourn Soleimani' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvaG91c2UvNDc3NDc5LWNvbGxpbnMtYWNjdXNlcy1kZW1vY3JhdHMtb2YtYmVpbmctaW4tbG92ZS13aXRoLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMtdGhleS1tb3VybtIBc2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvaG91c2UvNDc3NDc5LWNvbGxpbnMtYWNjdXNlcy1kZW1vY3JhdHMtb2YtYmVpbmctaW4tbG92ZS13aXRoLXRlcnJvcmlzdHMtdGhleS1tb3Vybj9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

'Most powerful rocket ever built' emerges from its hanger and is loaded onto a BARGE - Daily Mail
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9zY2llbmNldGVjaC9hcnRpY2xlLTc4NjkzMDMvTW9zdC1wb3dlcmZ1bC1yb2NrZXQtYnVpbHQtZW1lcmdlcy1oYW5nZXItbG9hZGVkLUJBUkdFLmh0bWzSAXdodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW1haWwuY28udWsvc2NpZW5jZXRlY2gvYXJ0aWNsZS03ODY5MzAzL2FtcC9Nb3N0LXBvd2VyZnVsLXJvY2tldC1idWlsdC1lbWVyZ2VzLWhhbmdlci1sb2FkZWQtQkFSR0UuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.dailymail.co.uk

Waiting for Betelgeuse to Explode - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tL2ludGVyYWN0aXZlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9iZXRlbGdldXNlLXN1cGVybm92YS1mYWRpbmcuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

No, U.S.-Iran tension is not a reason to invest retirement money in gold — here’s when you should - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3Rvcnkvbm8tdXMtaXJhbi10ZW5zaW9uLWlzLW5vdC1hLXJlYXNvbi10by1pbnZlc3QtcmV0aXJlbWVudC1tb25leS1pbi1nb2xkLWhlcmVzLXdoZW4teW91LXNob3VsZC0yMDIwLTAxLTA40gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzk1NzJENDQ4LTMyM0EtMTFFQS04MTdELTRGMTM3NUM4QTBEQQ?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Comma Two hands-on at CES 2020 - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SndCTWszWW9ONTDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Sold online, gloves of Vikings' Kyle Rudolph raise money for charity after all - Minneapolis Star Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHA6Ly93d3cuc3RhcnRyaWJ1bmUuY29tL3NvbGQtb25saW5lLWdsb3Zlcy1vZi12aWtpbmdzLWt5bGUtcnVkb2xwaC1yYWlzZS1tb25leS1mb3ItY2hhcml0eS1hZnRlci1hbGwvNTY2ODM5MjIyL9IBAA?oc=5
http://www.startribune.com

Trump moves to overhaul the National Environmental Policy Act - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtdG8tYW5ub3VuY2Utc3dlZXBpbmctY2hhbmdlcy10by10aGUtbmF0aW9uYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktYWN0Lmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVtcC10by1hbm5vdW5jZS1zd2VlcGluZy1jaGFuZ2VzLXRvLXRoZS1uYXRpb25hbC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXBvbGljeS1hY3QuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Ed Orgeron Is the Beacon of Light Down on the Bayou - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWVkLW9yZ2Vyb24tYmF5b3UtY2FqdW4tcm9vdHPSAUtodHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWVkLW9yZ2Vyb24tYmF5b3UtY2FqdW4tcm9vdHM?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Megyn Kelly Presents: A Response to "Bombshell" - Full Discussion - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TW1TejdIcWtJOXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump aims to weaken prime environmental law - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLW5hdGlvbmFsLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtcG9saWN5LWFjdC0wOTY2NznSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtbmF0aW9uYWwtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktYWN0LTA5NjY3OQ?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Trump Admits Climate Change Is 'Not a Hoax' After Proposing Rollback of Environmental Law - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3RydW1wLWFkbWl0cy1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1pcy1ub3QtYS1ob2F4LWFmdGVyLXByb3Bvc2luZy1yb2xsYmFjay1vZi1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLWxhd9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Lara Trump: Trump's Iran strategy is 'peace through strength' or could be 'hell to pay' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9sYXJhLXRydW1wLWhpdHMtY2FtcGFpZ24tdHJhaWwtb2hpby1wcmFpc2VzLWhhbmRsaW5nLWlyYW4vMjg1MTMxMDAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NTEzMTAwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Source: Leach leaving Washington State for Mississippi State - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvc3BvcnRzL25jYWFmYi9zb3VyY2UtbGVhY2gtbGVhdmluZy13YXNoaW5ndG9uLXN0YXRlLWZvci1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS9hci1CQllON1ZY0gEA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

What is Trump's next move? | The Stream - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9X3dSN1FFUjRaRmPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump says Iran appears to be "standing down" after retalitatory attacks - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aERVUXdCT0lRb1HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

A high school football player who killed his pregnant schoolmate has been sentenced to 65 years in prison. He says she waited too long for an abortion - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9pbmRpYW5hLW1pc2hhd2FrYS1zdHVkZW50LWtpbGxpbmctc2VudGVuY2luZy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VzL2luZGlhbmEtbWlzaGF3YWthLXN0dWRlbnQta2lsbGluZy1zZW50ZW5jaW5nLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Mayor Eric Garcetti endorses Joe Biden for president - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvZXJpYy1nYXJjZXR0aS1lbmRvcnNlcy1qb2UtYmlkZW4tZm9yLXByZXNpZGVudNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Megyn Kelly talks about how ‘demeaning’ it was having to ‘spin’ for former Fox News honcho Roger Ailes — as her husband tearfully looks on - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Tiger Practice Report: Quarterback Myles Brennan Misses Thursday Practice - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlL2xzdS9mb290YmFsbC9sZXdpcy1tYXJzaGFsbC1wcmFjdGljZS1mb3Itc2Vjb25kLXN0cmFpZ2h0LWRhedIBAA?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Bengals fans will want to see these notes about Joe Burrow - Bengals Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vYmVuZ2Fsc3dpcmUudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvam9lLWJ1cnJvdy1iZW5nYWxzLWRyYWZ0LW5vdGVzLTIwMjAv0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9iZW5nYWxzd2lyZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9qb2UtYnVycm93LWJlbmdhbHMtZHJhZnQtbm90ZXMtMjAyMC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://bengalswire.usatoday.com

Former LSU AD: 'I would have never hired' Jimbo Fisher to succeed Les Miles - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9mb3JtZXItbHN1LWFkLWktd291bGQtaGF2ZS1uZXZlci1oaXJlZC1qaW1iby1maXNoZXItdG8tc3VjY2VlZC1sZXMtbWlsZXMtMTQyNzAxMzIyLmh0bWzSAXhodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9mb3JtZXItbHN1LWFkLWktd291bGQtaGF2ZS1uZXZlci1oaXJlZC1qaW1iby1maXNoZXItdG8tc3VjY2VlZC1sZXMtbWlsZXMtMTQyNzAxMzIyLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Mike McCarthy promises to get Ezekiel Elliott the football - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWtlLW1jY2FydGh5LXByb21pc2VzLXRvLWdldC1lemVraWVsLWVsbGlvdHQtdGhlLWZvb3RiYWxsL9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWtlLW1jY2FydGh5LXByb21pc2VzLXRvLWdldC1lemVraWVsLWVsbGlvdHQtdGhlLWZvb3RiYWxsL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Fans Show Their Support for Justin Bieber After He Shares Shocking Health Update; "We're Always Here For You" - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2ZhbnMtc2hvdy10aGVpci1zdXBwb3J0LWZvci1qdXN0aW4tYmllYmVyLWFmdGVyLWhlLXNoYXJlcy1zaG9ja2luZy1oZWFsdGgtdXBkYXRlLXdlcmUtYWx3YXlzLWhlcmUtZm9yLXlvdS5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

LG wants its smartphone segment to be profitable by 2021 but is vague on how it will happen - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODIzOC9sZy1zbWFydHBob25lLXByb2ZpdGFibGUtMjAyMS1hcHBsZS1zYW1zdW5nLWNlcy1td2PSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU4MjM4L2xnLXNtYXJ0cGhvbmUtcHJvZml0YWJsZS0yMDIxLWFwcGxlLXNhbXN1bmctY2VzLW13Yw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Amazon Takes a Swipe at PayPal's $4 Billion Acquisition - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9hbWF6b24taG9uZXktc2VjdXJpdHktd2FybmluZy_SAT1odHRwczovL3d3dy53aXJlZC5jb20vc3RvcnkvYW1hem9uLWhvbmV5LXNlY3VyaXR5LXdhcm5pbmcvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

Draft Show Recap: Assessing The Cowboys' Needs - DallasCowboys.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhbGxhc2Nvd2JveXMuY29tL25ld3MvZHJhZnQtc2hvdy1yZWNhcC1hc3Nlc3NpbmctdGhlLWNvd2JveXMtbmVlZHPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.dallascowboys.com

Olympic Athletes Banned From Kneeling At 2020 Games - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vbHltcGljcy1hdGhsZXRlcy1iYW5uZWQta25lZWxpbmctdG9reW8tMjAyMC1nYW1lcy_SAVJodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvb2x5bXBpY3MtYXRobGV0ZXMtYmFubmVkLWtuZWVsaW5nLXRva3lvLTIwMjAtZ2FtZXMv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Besides the ‘winning a national championship’ thing, Clyde Edwards-Helaire should have extra motivation against Clemson - Saturday Down South
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvd2h5LXRoaXMtcmV2ZW5nZS1nYW1lLWNseWRlLWVkd2FyZHMtaGVsYWlyZS0yMDIwL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvd2h5LXRoaXMtcmV2ZW5nZS1nYW1lLWNseWRlLWVkd2FyZHMtaGVsYWlyZS0yMDIwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.saturdaydownsouth.com

As Justin Bieber reveals he has Lyme disease, here’s what you need to know about the tick-borne illness — and how to protect yourself - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvYXMtanVzdGluLWJpZWJlci1yZXZlYWxzLWhlLWhhcy1seW1lLWRpc2Vhc2UtaGVyZXMtd2hhdC15b3UtbmVlZC10by1rbm93LWFib3V0LXRoZS10aWNrLWJvcm5lLWlsbG5lc3MtMjAyMC0wMS0wOdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC9ENDk5NDc5NC0zMzBBLTExRUEtOTczMy02MTAzODUwOUJBQjI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Teacher Is Charged With Battery After Throwing Student Out of Class - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvYnVkZHktdGF5bG9yLW1pZGRsZS1zY2hvb2wtdGVhY2hlci1hcnJlc3QuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvYnVkZHktdGF5bG9yLW1pZGRsZS1zY2hvb2wtdGVhY2hlci1hcnJlc3QuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

How Pompeo convinced Trump to kill Soleimani and fulfilled a decade-long goal - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9wb21wZW8tdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1zb2xlaW1hbmkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvcG9tcGVvLXRydW1wLWlyYW4tc29sZWltYW5pL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iranian Missile Accidentally Brought Down Ukrainian Jet, Officials Say - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXVrcmFpbmUuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXVrcmFpbmUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

McConnell backs measure to change Senate rules, dismiss impeachment without articles | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU4Ny1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtYmFja3MtbWVhc3VyZS10by1jaGFuZ2Utc2VuYXRlLXJ1bGVzLWRpc21pc3MtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtd2l0aG91dNIBeWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU4Ny1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtYmFja3MtbWVhc3VyZS10by1jaGFuZ2Utc2VuYXRlLXJ1bGVzLWRpc21pc3MtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtd2l0aG91dD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander warns of “future revenge” - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TUVyZ21VVUdMRkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

House Votes to Restrain Trump’s Iran War Powers - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VzL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWlyYW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Fotis Dulos, Michelle Troconis released on bond - WFSB
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53ZnNiLmNvbS9uZXdzL2ZvdGlzLWR1bG9zLW1pY2hlbGxlLXRyb2NvbmlzLXBvc3QtYm9uZC10aHVyc2RheS1hZnRlcm5vb24vYXJ0aWNsZV85OWMxMDcxNi0zMmQyLTExZWEtOTY3Yi1jYjBjMDBkMDE1ZDMuaHRtbNIBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy53ZnNiLmNvbS9uZXdzL2ZvdGlzLWR1bG9zLW1pY2hlbGxlLXRyb2NvbmlzLXBvc3QtYm9uZC10aHVyc2RheS1hZnRlcm5vb24vYXJ0aWNsZV85OWMxMDcxNi0zMmQyLTExZWEtOTY3Yi1jYjBjMDBkMDE1ZDMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.wfsb.com

McConnell tells Republicans he expects impeachment trial next week - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWl0Y2gtbWNjb25uZWxsLXRydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LTA5Njc4NtIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21pdGNoLW1jY29ubmVsbC10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0wOTY3ODY?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

IOC to athletes: No kneeling, hand gestures or ‘any political messaging’ at Tokyo Olympics - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaW9jLWF0aGxldGVzLW5vLWtuZWVsaW5nLWhhbmQtZ2VzdHVyZXMtb3ItYW55LXBvbGl0aWNhbC1tZXNzYWdpbmctdG9reW8tb2x5bXBpY3Mv0gGRAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pb2MtYXRobGV0ZXMtbm8ta25lZWxpbmctaGFuZC1nZXN0dXJlcy1vci1hbnktcG9saXRpY2FsLW1lc3NhZ2luZy10b2t5by1vbHltcGljcy8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

As Australia's wildfires rage, health concerns mount among experts and victims - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvYXVzdHJhbGlhLXMtd2lsZGZpcmVzLXJhZ2UtaGVhbHRoLWNvbmNlcm5zLW1vdW50LWFtb25nLWV4cGVydHMtdmljdGltcy1uMTExMzIyMdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMjIx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Too late to leave: Australia’s advice for surviving a bush fire when surrounded - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9vLWxhdGUtbGVhdmUtYXVzdHJhbGlhcy1hZHZpY2Utc3Vydml2aW5nLWJ1c2gtZmlyZS13aGVuLXN1cnJvdW5kZWQv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9vLWxhdGUtbGVhdmUtYXVzdHJhbGlhcy1hZHZpY2Utc3Vydml2aW5nLWJ1c2gtZmlyZS13aGVuLXN1cnJvdW5kZWQvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

First child flu death of season reported in New Mexico - KOAT New Mexico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtvYXQuY29tL2FydGljbGUvZmlyc3QtY2hpbGQtZmx1LWRlYXRoLW9mLXNlYXNvbi1yZXBvcnRlZC1pbi1uZXctbWV4aWNvLzMwNDYxMDk00gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cua29hdC5jb20vYW1wL2FydGljbGUvZmlyc3QtY2hpbGQtZmx1LWRlYXRoLW9mLXNlYXNvbi1yZXBvcnRlZC1pbi1uZXctbWV4aWNvLzMwNDYxMDk0?oc=5
https://www.koat.com

Stocks are up 495% in the past decade — here's why you probably aren't - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tc24uY29tL2VuLXVzL21vbmV5L3NhdmluZ2FuZGludmVzdGluZy9zdG9ja3MtYXJlLXVwLTQ5NXBlcmNlbnQtaW4tdGhlLXBhc3QtZGVjYWRlLSVFMiU4MCU5NC1oZXJlcy13aHkteW91LXByb2JhYmx5LWFyZW50L2FyLUJCWUtSVU3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Odell Beckham Jr. send LSU players a gift and a message: Make it count - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NDMxOC9tYWtlLWNvdW500gFRaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU0MzE4L21ha2UtY291bnQ_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Folding screens are being slapped on everything, even this $900 smart speaker - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvZm9sZGluZy1zY3JlZW5zLWFyZS1iZWluZy1zbGFwcGVkLW9uLWV2ZXJ5dGhpbmctZXZlbi10aGlzLTkwMC1zbWFydC1zcGVha2VyL9IBcWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9mb2xkaW5nLXNjcmVlbnMtYXJlLWJlaW5nLXNsYXBwZWQtb24tZXZlcnl0aGluZy1ldmVuLXRoaXMtOTAwLXNtYXJ0LXNwZWFrZXIv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Amazon suspiciously says browser extension Honey is a security risk, now that PayPal owns it - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTA4My9hbWF6b24taG9uZXktYnJvd3Nlci1leHRlbnNpb24tc2VjdXJpdHktcmlzay1wYXlwYWwtYWNxdWlzaXRpb24tY29tcGV0aXRpb27SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhldmVyZ2UuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTA4My9hbWF6b24taG9uZXktYnJvd3Nlci1leHRlbnNpb24tc2VjdXJpdHktcmlzay1wYXlwYWwtYWNxdWlzaXRpb24tY29tcGV0aXRpb24?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

CES 2020: Our picks for best of show - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS90ZWNoLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2VzLTIwMjAtYmVzdC10ZWNoLWZseWluZy1jYXJzLWlua2pldC1tYWtldXAtYW5kLWZha2UtcG9yay80NDIwNDQxMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyMDQ0MTAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Polls show a logjam at the top of the 2020 Democratic field in Iowa and New Hampshire - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbGF0ZXN0LTIwMjAtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtcHJpbWFyeS1wb2xscy1zaG93LWJpZGVuLXNhbmRlcnMtYWhlYWQuaHRtbNIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2xhdGVzdC0yMDIwLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtcHJlc2lkZW50aWFsLXByaW1hcnktcG9sbHMtc2hvdy1iaWRlbi1zYW5kZXJzLWFoZWFkLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Severe weather this weekend could bring snow, ice, tornadoes to central and eastern U.S., record warm temperatures to Northeast - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdGhpcy13ZWVrZW5kLWNvdWxkLWJyaW5nLXNub3ctaWNlLXRvcm5hZG9lcy10by1jZW50cmFsLWFuZC1lYXN0ZXJuLXVzL9IBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC1jb3VsZC1icmluZy1zbm93LWljZS10b3JuYWRvZXMtdG8tY2VudHJhbC1hbmQtZWFzdGVybi11cy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Trump says 'nothing's a hoax' about climate change | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc1NDgtdHJ1bXAtc2F5cy1ub3RoaW5ncy1hLWhvYXgtYWJvdXQtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2XSAWhodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL3BvbGljeS9lbmVyZ3ktZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvNDc3NTQ4LXRydW1wLXNheXMtbm90aGluZ3MtYS1ob2F4LWFib3V0LWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Dow Jones Futures: As Stock Market Rally Tests Limits; Don't Buy Apple, Tesla, AMD, Luckin Coffee, Alibaba Now - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLWZ1dHVyZXMtc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LXJhbGx5LXRlc3RzLWxpbWl0cy1kb250LWJ1eS1hcHBsZS10ZXNsYS1hbWQtbHVja2luLWNvZmZlZS1hbGliYWJhL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Australia fires: Why species might go extinct, explained by an ecologist - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vZW5lcmd5LWFuZC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzM3NS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS13aWxkbGlmZS1leHRpbmN0aW9ucy1lY29sb2d50gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvZW5lcmd5LWFuZC1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1NzM3NS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS13aWxkbGlmZS1leHRpbmN0aW9ucy1lY29sb2d5?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Passenger plane crash in Iran kills 176 on board l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cFpPLUxtVTVsRmPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Hanukkah stabbing suspect indicted on hate crimes by federal grand jury - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2hhbnVra2FoLXN0YWJiaW5nLXN1c3BlY3QtaW5kaWN0ZWQtaGF0ZS1jcmltZdIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2hhbnVra2FoLXN0YWJiaW5nLXN1c3BlY3QtaW5kaWN0ZWQtaGF0ZS1jcmltZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

The iPhone 11 is helping Apple do something it hasn’t done in a long time - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lwaG9uZS0xMS1zYWxlcy1jaGluZXNlLWNvbnN1bWVycy1idXlpbmctZnJvbS1hcHBsZS1hZ2Fpbi_SAVlodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pcGhvbmUtMTEtc2FsZXMtY2hpbmVzZS1jb25zdW1lcnMtYnV5aW5nLWZyb20tYXBwbGUtYWdhaW4vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

At a crucial moment, lack of trust in a president can be deadly - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC10cnVzdC1jb2x1bW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtdHJ1c3QtY29sdW1uL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

LG aims to make a profit w/ smartphones by 2021 using ‘wow factor’ in new devices - 9to5Google
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vOXRvNWdvb2dsZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9sZy1tb2JpbGUtcHJvZml0LTIwMjEtc21hcnRwaG9uZXMv0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly85dG81Z29vZ2xlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2xnLW1vYmlsZS1wcm9maXQtMjAyMS1zbWFydHBob25lcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://9to5google.com

76ers' Joel Embiid to Undergo Surgery on Hand Injury, Reevaluated in 1-2 Weeks - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA0MTEtNzZlcnMtam9lbC1lbWJpaWRzLWhhbmQtaW5qdXJ5LWRpYWdub3NlZC1hcy10b3JuLWxpZ2FtZW50LW5vLXJldHVybi10aW1ldGFibGXSAYkBaHR0cHM6Ly9zeW5kaWNhdGlvbi5ibGVhY2hlcnJlcG9ydC5jb20vYW1wLzI4NzA0MTEtNzZlcnMtam9lbC1lbWJpaWRzLWhhbmQtaW5qdXJ5LWRpYWdub3NlZC1hcy10b3JuLWxpZ2FtZW50LW5vLXJldHVybi10aW1ldGFibGUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

Odell Beckham Jr. sends LSU players a gift and a message -- Make it count - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NDMxOC9vZGVsbC1iZWNraGFtLWpyLXNlbmRzLWxzdS1wbGF5ZXJzLWdpZnQtbWVzc2FnZS1tYWtlLWNvdW500gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NDMxOC9vZGVsbC1iZWNraGFtLWpyLXNlbmRzLWxzdS1wbGF5ZXJzLWdpZnQtbWVzc2FnZS1tYWtlLWNvdW50P3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Iran likely downed Ukraine airliner with missiles, Canada's Trudeau says, citing intelligence - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvaXJhbi1saWtlbHktZG93bmVkLXVrcmFpbmUtYWlybGluZXItd2l0aC1taXNzaWxlcy1jYW5hZGFzLXRydWRlYXUtc2F5cy1jaXRpbmctaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgwSTPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Bed Bath & Beyond Stock Is Plummeting. Why Analysts Say the ‘Nightmare’ Isn’t Over. - Barron's
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhcnJvbnMuY29tL2FydGljbGVzL2JlZC1iYXRoLWJleW9uZC1zdG9jay1zaW5rcy0yMC1hZnRlci1uaWdodG1hcmUtZWFybmluZ3MtcmVwb3J0LWhlcmVzLXdoeS01MTU3ODU4OTcyN9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhcnJvbnMuY29tL2FtcC9hcnRpY2xlcy9iZWQtYmF0aC1iZXlvbmQtc3RvY2stc2lua3MtMjAtYWZ0ZXItbmlnaHRtYXJlLWVhcm5pbmdzLXJlcG9ydC1oZXJlcy13aHktNTE1Nzg1ODk3Mjc?oc=5
https://www.barrons.com

Surging Steyer qualifies for Democratic debate - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9tLXN0ZXllci1xdWFsaWZpZXMtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtMDk2OTE10gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdG9tLXN0ZXllci1xdWFsaWZpZXMtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtMDk2OTE1?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Iran plane crash: Footage appears to show moment Ukrainian jet crashes - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U19paXprZ0lPZlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Mob Psycho 100: Psychic Battle is Now Live on iOS and Android! - Crunchyroll News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNydW5jaHlyb2xsLmNvbS9hbmltZS1uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbW9iLXBzeWNoby0xMDAtcHN5Y2hpYy1iYXR0bGUtaXMtbm93LWxpdmUtb24taW9zLWFuZC1hbmRyb2lk0gEA?oc=5
https://www.crunchyroll.com

Video appears to show Florida teacher forcibly throw student out of class - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy92aWRlby1hcHBlYXJzLXNob3ctZmxvcmlkYS10ZWFjaGVyLWZvcmNpYmx5LXRocm93LXN0dWRlbnQtb3V0LWNsYXNzLW4xMTEzMjk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMyOTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Mac Miller - Good News - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9YUlIRjd1OVd3aXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dabo Swinney bent his own rules to recruit Trevor Lawrence - 247Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vMjQ3c3BvcnRzLmNvbS9BcnRpY2xlL0RhYm8tU3dpbm5leS1iZW50LWhpcy1yZWNydWl0aW5nLXJ1bGVzLXRvLXJlY3J1aXQtVHJldm9yLUxhd3JlbmNlLTE0MTkwMjE5Ny_SAW5odHRwczovLzI0N3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vQXJ0aWNsZS9EYWJvLVN3aW5uZXktYmVudC1oaXMtcmVjcnVpdGluZy1ydWxlcy10by1yZWNydWl0LVRyZXZvci1MYXdyZW5jZS0xNDE5MDIxOTcvQW1wLw?oc=5
https://247sports.com

'Grease' and '77 Sunset Strip' Star Edd Byrnes Dead at 87 - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83Ny1zdW5zZXQtc3RyaXAtZ3JlYXNlLXN0YXItZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1kZWFkLWF0LTg3L9IBUWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83Ny1zdW5zZXQtc3RyaXAtZ3JlYXNlLXN0YXItZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1kZWFkLWF0LTg3Lw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

McCarthy speaks after Pelosi announces vote to limit Trump's War Powers - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9QktmbmEtVElnUTTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fox News Poll: Biden ahead by 21 points among South Carolina Democrats - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2ZveC1uZXdzLXBvbGwtYmlkZW4tYWhlYWQtYnktMjEtcG9pbnRzLWFtb25nLXNvdXRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWRlbW9jcmF0c9IBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2ZveC1uZXdzLXBvbGwtYmlkZW4tYWhlYWQtYnktMjEtcG9pbnRzLWFtb25nLXNvdXRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWRlbW9jcmF0cy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

A Huge Wave is Passing Through the Milky Way Unleashing New Stellar Nurseries - Universe Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVuaXZlcnNldG9kYXkuY29tLzE0NDU1OC9hLWh1Z2Utd2F2ZS1pcy1wYXNzaW5nLXRocm91Z2gtdGhlLW1pbGt5LXdheS11bmxlYXNoaW5nLW5ldy1zdGVsbGFyLW51cnNlcmllcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.universetoday.com

Inside Iran's strategy against the US - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9c0N0Z1JJcEhQN2PSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

American Cancer Society says Trump doesn't get credit for drop in cancer deaths | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjE3LWFtZXJpY2FuLWNhbmNlci1zb2NpZXR5LXNheXMtdHJ1bXAtZG9lc250LWdldC1jcmVkaXQtZm9yLWRyb3AtaW7SAXdodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3NzYxNy1hbWVyaWNhbi1jYW5jZXItc29jaWV0eS1zYXlzLXRydW1wLWRvZXNudC1nZXQtY3JlZGl0LWZvci1kcm9wLWluP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Lebanon Orders Carlos Ghosn to Stay Put - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWxlYmFub24tanVkZ2UuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWxlYmFub24tanVkZ2UuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Trump to rally in Ohio amid heightened tensions with Iran, looming impeachment trial - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy9lbGVjdGlvbnMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVtcC1yYWxseS1vaGlvLWFmdGVyLWlyYW4tY3Jpc2lzLWFoZWFkLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLzI4MzE3NDkwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODMxNzQ5MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Mother Dies Months After Her Daughter, Atatiana Jefferson, Killed in House by Fort Worth Officer - NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNkZncuY29tL25ld3MvbG9jYWwvbW90aGVyLWRpZXMtbW9udGhzLWFmdGVyLWhlci1kYXVnaHRlci1hdGF0aWFuYS1qZWZmZXJzb24ta2lsbGVkLWluLWhvdXNlLWJ5LWZvcnQtd29ydGgtb2ZmaWNlci8yMjg5MzIxL9IBvgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNkZncuY29tL25ld3MvbG9jYWwvbW90aGVyLWRpZXMtbW9udGhzLWFmdGVyLWhlci1kYXVnaHRlci1hdGF0aWFuYS1qZWZmZXJzb24ta2lsbGVkLWluLWhvdXNlLWJ5LWZvcnQtd29ydGgtb2ZmaWNlci8yMjg5MzIxLz9ha21vYmlsZT15JmFrZGV2aWNlPWFuZHJvaWRwaG9uZSZzc2xFbmFibGVkPXRydWUmYW1w?oc=5
https://www.nbcdfw.com

Iran dismisses US calls to negotiate - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Sy1DeUVBeDBEZ1HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics crack down on athlete protests - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg5MTIvc3VtbWVyLW9seW1waWNzLXRva3lvLWJhbi1hdGhsZXRlLXByb3Rlc3Rz0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTg5MTIvc3VtbWVyLW9seW1waWNzLXRva3lvLWJhbi1hdGhsZXRlLXByb3Rlc3Rz?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Fact check: Trump falsely accuses Pelosi of defending Soleimani, whom she called 'a terrible person' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1mYWxzZS1hY2N1c2F0aW9uLXBlbG9zaS1zb2xlaW1hbmkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtZmFsc2UtYWNjdXNhdGlvbi1wZWxvc2ktc29sZWltYW5pL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

These Republicans voted yes on the War Powers resolution - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy93YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tcmVwdWJsaWNhbnMteWVzLXZvdGUvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3Mvd2FyLXBvd2Vycy1yZXNvbHV0aW9uLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLXllcy12b3RlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iran calls strike 'start of series attacks' - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NEoyc0FjNTVPTlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Teacher charged after video shows him carrying teen out of classroom - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMvdGVhY2hlci1jaGFyZ2VkLXZpZGVvLXNob3dzLWxpZnRpbmctdGVlbi1jYXJyeWluZy1jbGFzc3Jvb20vc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNzg0MDfSAWtodHRwczovL2FiY25ld3MuZ28uY29tL2FtcC9VUy90ZWFjaGVyLWNoYXJnZWQtdmlkZW8tc2hvd3MtbGlmdGluZy10ZWVuLWNhcnJ5aW5nLWNsYXNzcm9vbS9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE3ODQwNw?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

800,000 years ago a huge meteorite struck Earth. We might have just found its crater - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvODAwMDAwLXllYXJzLWFnby1hLW1hc3NpdmUtbWV0ZW9yaXRlLXNtYXNoZWQtaW50by10aGUtZWFydGgtYW5kLXdlLW1pZ2h0LWhhdmUtanVzdC1mb3VuZC10aGUtY3JhdGVyL9IBiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvODAwMDAwLXllYXJzLWFnby1hLW1hc3NpdmUtbWV0ZW9yaXRlLXNtYXNoZWQtaW50by10aGUtZWFydGgtYW5kLXdlLW1pZ2h0LWhhdmUtanVzdC1mb3VuZC10aGUtY3JhdGVyLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Edd Byrnes, 'Grease' and '77 Sunset Strip' star, dead at 87 - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1ncmVhc2UtNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXN0YXItZGVhZNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvZWRkLWJ5cm5lcy1ncmVhc2UtNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXN0YXItZGVhZC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Did This 1 Thing to Prepare to Step Back From Their Royal Duties - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1kaWQtdGhpcy0xLXRoaW5nLXRvLXByZXBhcmUtdG8tc3RlcC1iYWNrLWZyb20tdGhlaXItcm95YWwtZHV0aWVzLmh0bWwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Edd Byrnes Dead: Kookie of '77 Sunset Strip' Was 87 - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzL2VkZC1ieXJuZXMtZGVhZC1rb29raWUtNzctOTM4NTEx0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaG9sbHl3b29kcmVwb3J0ZXIuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2VkZC1ieXJuZXMtZGVhZC1rb29raWUtNzctOTM4NTEx?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Josh McDaniels wanted Browns job in 2019, likely to propose 'realignment' of team leadership, per report - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2pvc2gtbWNkYW5pZWxzLXdhbnRlZC1icm93bnMtam9iLWluLTIwMTktbGlrZWx5LXRvLXByb3Bvc2UtcmVhbGlnbm1lbnQtb2YtdGVhbS1sZWFkZXJzaGlwLXBlci1yZXBvcnQv0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3Mvam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtd2FudGVkLWJyb3ducy1qb2ItaW4tMjAxOS1saWtlbHktdG8tcHJvcG9zZS1yZWFsaWdubWVudC1vZi10ZWFtLWxlYWRlcnNoaXAtcGVyLXJlcG9ydC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Scott Derrickson No Longer Directing Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - MCU Cosmic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vbWN1Y29zbWljLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3Njb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tbm8tbG9uZ2VyLWRpcmVjdGluZy1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1pbi10aGUtbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1vZi1tYWRuZXNzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://mcucosmic.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9zZWlzbWljLWh1bS12b2xjYW5vLXNjbi10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dvcmxkL3NlaXNtaWMtaHVtLXZvbGNhbm8tc2NuLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

‘Doctor Strange 2’ Director Scott Derrickson Drops Out (EXCLUSIVE) - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvZmlsbS9uZXdzL2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLWluLXRoZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW9mLW1hZG5lc3MtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQtbWFydmVsLTEyMDM0NjI1Njkv0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2UtaW4tdGhlLW11bHRpdmVyc2Utb2YtbWFkbmVzcy1kaXJlY3Rvci1zY290dC1kZXJyaWNrc29uLWRyb3BzLW91dC1tYXJ2ZWwtMTIwMzQ2MjU2OS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://variety.com

Jim Caldwell, Kevin O'Connell among candidates for Eagles' offensive coordinator job, per report - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2ppbS1jYWxkd2VsbC1rZXZpbi1vY29ubmVsbC1hbW9uZy1jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWZvci1lYWdsZXMtb2ZmZW5zaXZlLWNvb3JkaW5hdG9yLWpvYi1wZXItcmVwb3J0L9IBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2ppbS1jYWxkd2VsbC1rZXZpbi1vY29ubmVsbC1hbW9uZy1jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWZvci1lYWdsZXMtb2ZmZW5zaXZlLWNvb3JkaW5hdG9yLWpvYi1wZXItcmVwb3J0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Steve Doerschuk: Expect Josh McDaniels to recommend sweeping Browns makeover - Canton Repository
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNhbnRvbnJlcC5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAwMTA5L3N0ZXZlLWRvZXJzY2h1ay1leHBlY3Qtam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtdG8tcmVjb21tZW5kLXN3ZWVwaW5nLWJyb3ducy1tYWtlb3ZlctIBhQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYW50b25yZXAuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwMDEwOS9zdGV2ZS1kb2Vyc2NodWstZXhwZWN0LWpvc2gtbWNkYW5pZWxzLXRvLXJlY29tbWVuZC1zd2VlcGluZy1icm93bnMtbWFrZW92ZXI_dGVtcGxhdGU9YW1wYXJ0?oc=5
https://www.cantonrep.com

Sex tech at CES wants to break down the barriers to pleasure - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V4LXRlY2gtYXQtY2VzLXdhbnRzLXRvLWJyZWFrLWRvd24tdGhlLWJhcnJpZXJzLXRvLXBsZWFzdXJlL9IBYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9zZXgtdGVjaC1hdC1jZXMtd2FudHMtdG8tYnJlYWstZG93bi10aGUtYmFycmllcnMtdG8tcGxlYXN1cmUv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

It's time for an Echo Phone: Alexa needs to be a first-class mobile assistant - Android Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9pdHMtdGltZS1lY2hvLXBob25lLWFsZXhhLW5lZWRzLWJlLWZpcnN0LWNsYXNzLW1vYmlsZS1hc3Npc3RhbnTSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmRyb2lkY2VudHJhbC5jb20vaXRzLXRpbWUtZWNoby1waG9uZS1hbGV4YS1uZWVkcy1iZS1maXJzdC1jbGFzcy1tb2JpbGUtYXNzaXN0YW50P2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.androidcentral.com

'Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness' Loses Director Scott Derrickson - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9oZWF0LXZpc2lvbi9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW1hZG5lc3MtbG9zZXMtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi0xMjY4NDY20gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaG9sbHl3b29kcmVwb3J0ZXIuY29tL2FtcC9oZWF0LXZpc2lvbi9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW1hZG5lc3MtbG9zZXMtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi0xMjY4NDY2?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Doctor Strange 2 Loses Director Due To "Creative Differences" - GameSpot
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcG90LmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlcy9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS0yLWxvc2VzLWRpcmVjdG9yLWR1ZS10by1jcmVhdGl2ZS1kaS8xMTAwLTY0NzI2NTQv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ2FtZXNwb3QuY29tL2FtcC1hcnRpY2xlcy9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS0yLWxvc2VzLWRpcmVjdG9yLWR1ZS10by1jcmVhdGl2ZS1kaS8xMTAwLTY0NzI2NTQv?oc=5
https://www.gamespot.com

Trump Rally in Toledo, Ohio, Live Stream: How to Watch President's 2020 Campaign Stop - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS90cnVtcC1yYWxseS10b2xlZG8tb2hpby1saXZlLXN0cmVhbS1ob3ctd2F0Y2gtcHJlc2lkZW50cy0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLXN0b3AtMTQ4MDY3NtIBcmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS90cnVtcC1yYWxseS10b2xlZG8tb2hpby1saXZlLXN0cmVhbS1ob3ctd2F0Y2gtcHJlc2lkZW50cy0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLXN0b3AtMTQ4MDY3Nj9hbXA9MQ?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Galaxy Fold 2 is called Galaxy Bloom, Samsung tells secret CES meeting - SamMobile
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhbW1vYmlsZS5jb20vbmV3cy9nYWxheHktZm9sZC0yLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1zYW1zdW5nLXNlY3JldC1jZXMtbWVldGluZy_SAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYW1tb2JpbGUuY29tL25ld3MvZ2FsYXh5LWZvbGQtMi1nYWxheHktYmxvb20tc2Ftc3VuZy1zZWNyZXQtY2VzLW1lZXRpbmcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.sammobile.com

‘Doctor Strange’ Director Scott Derrickson Exits Sequel - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1leGl0cy1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1zZXF1ZWwtZGlyZWN0b3ItbWFydmVsLTEyMDI4MjY0MjYvYW1wL9IBaWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1leGl0cy1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1zZXF1ZWwtZGlyZWN0b3ItbWFydmVsLTEyMDI4MjY0MjYvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://deadline.com

John Landgraf: FX Has ‘Hit a Ceiling,’ Hulu Will Fortify Brand - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC90di9uZXdzL2pvaG4tbGFuZGdyYWYtZngtaGl0LWNlaWxpbmctdGNhLTIwMjAtMTIwMzQ2MTkyOC_SAVZodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvdHYvbmV3cy9qb2huLWxhbmRncmFmLWZ4LWhpdC1jZWlsaW5nLXRjYS0yMDIwLTEyMDM0NjE5MjgvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

More than a dozen missiles hit two bases in Iraq, Pentagon says - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVfZWFzdC9pcmFuLWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA3Lzg5NmM3MGEyLTMwZDUtMTFlYS05MzEzLTZjYmE4OWIxYjlmYl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVfZWFzdC9pcmFuLWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA3Lzg5NmM3MGEyLTMwZDUtMTFlYS05MzEzLTZjYmE4OWIxYjlmYl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Top Iranian general buried hours after country attacked Iraqi bases housing U.S. troops - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9T2NJY2YxdXRqTmfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Peak TV Hits a New Peak, With 532 Scripted Shows - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvbWVkaWEvdHYtc2hvd3MtMjAyMC5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9tZWRpYS90di1zaG93cy0yMDIwLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Trump headlines campaign rally amid impeachment and Iran crises - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtcmFsbHktb2hpby1pcmFuLWltcGVhY2htZW50LTA5NjY5N9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydW1wLXJhbGx5LW9oaW8taXJhbi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0wOTY2OTc?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Florida security guard charged with threatening to kill Trump in retaliation for Soleimani - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2Zsb3JpZGEtc2VjdXJpdHktZ3VhcmQtY2hhcmdlZC10aHJlYXRlbmluZy10cnVtcC1yZXRhbGlhdGlvbi1zb2xlaW1hbmnSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS91cy9mbG9yaWRhLXNlY3VyaXR5LWd1YXJkLWNoYXJnZWQtdGhyZWF0ZW5pbmctdHJ1bXAtcmV0YWxpYXRpb24tc29sZWltYW5pLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

An Iranian Hacking Campaign, Social Media Surveillance, and More News - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9pcmFuLWhhY2tlcnMtdXMtZWxlY3RyaWMtZ3JpZC1ib3JkZXItc29jaWFsLW1lZGlhLXN1cnZlaWxsYW5jZS_SAV5odHRwczovL3d3dy53aXJlZC5jb20vc3RvcnkvaXJhbi1oYWNrZXJzLXVzLWVsZWN0cmljLWdyaWQtYm9yZGVyLXNvY2lhbC1tZWRpYS1zdXJ2ZWlsbGFuY2UvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

US-Iran tensions: The case against killing Qassem Soleimani - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vd29ybGQvMjAyMC8xLzgvMjEwNTQ3MTYvY2FzZS1hZ2FpbnN0LWtpbGxpbmctcWFzc2VtLXNvbGVpbWFuadIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMS84LzIxMDU0NzE2L2Nhc2UtYWdhaW5zdC1raWxsaW5nLXFhc3NlbS1zb2xlaW1hbmk?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

What it was like on a base in Iraq as Iranian missiles were incoming - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vd2hhdC13YXMtbGlrZS1vbi1pcmFxaS1iYXNlLXdpdGgtaXJhbmlhbi1taXNzaWxlcy1pbmNvbWluZy0yMDIwLTHSAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3doYXQtd2FzLWxpa2Utb24taXJhcWktYmFzZS13aXRoLWlyYW5pYW4tbWlzc2lsZXMtaW5jb21pbmctMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

These Democrats voted no on the War Powers resolution - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy93YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tZGVtb2NyYXRzLW5vLXZvdGVzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3BvbGl0aWNzL3dhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi1kZW1vY3JhdHMtbm8tdm90ZXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

3 Hours From Alert to Attacks: Inside the Race to Protect U.S. Forces From Iran Strikes - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1zdWxlaW1hbmkuaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1zdWxlaW1hbmkuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

‘I’ve never seen him like that’: Trump defends Iran briefing after GOP Sen. Lee lashes out - Politico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcGVuY2UtbWlrZS1sZWUtaXJhbi1icmllZmluZy0wOTY2NTLSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wZW5jZS1taWtlLWxlZS1pcmFuLWJyaWVmaW5nLTA5NjY1Mg?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

National Security Advisor Defends Briefing On Iran Criticized By Lawmakers - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTUwMDI4MDYvbnNhLWNoaWVmLXJvYmVydC1vYnJpZW4tZGVmZW5kcy1icmllZmluZy1vbi1pcmFuLWNyaXRpY2l6ZWQtYnktbGF3bWFrZXJz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Edd Byrnes, known for "77 Sunset Strip," "Grease," dies at 87 at Santa Monica home, son says - KABC-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiGGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vNTgzMTY0ONIBHGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vYW1wLzU4MzE2NDg?oc=5
https://abc7.com

Live: Trump hosts first 'Keep America Great' rally of 2020 - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Q3FzQy1UT2o1LWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dow Jones Soars 350 Points In 2 Days; Will This Hot Solar Stock Make A New Breakout? - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLXNvYXJzLTM1MC1wb2ludHMtaW4tMi1kYXlzLXdpbGwtdGhpcy1ob3Qtc29sYXItc3RvY2stbWFrZS1hLW5ldy1icmVha291dC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Sanders: 'Can’t think of anything dumber than allowing Congress' to control foreign policy - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2FuZGVycy1mb3gtYW5kLWZyaWVuZC1kdW1iLWNvbmdyZXNzLWNvbnRyb2wtZm9yZWlnbi1wb2xpY3kvNDQyMjIzMjAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjIyMzIwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

GOP's Matt Gaetz comes out in support of Trump war-powers resolution - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vcmVwdWJsaWNhbi1tYXR0LWdhZXR6LXN1cHBvcnRzLXRydW1wLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi0yMDIwLTHSAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3JlcHVibGljYW4tbWF0dC1nYWV0ei1zdXBwb3J0cy10cnVtcC13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Microsoft’s Windows Terminal is getting retro-style CRT effects, search, and more - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTMxNi9taWNyb3NvZnQtd2luZG93cy10ZXJtaW5hbC1jcnQtZWZmZWN0cy1yZXRyby1zZWFyY2gtdGFicy1mZWF0dXJlc9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTkzMTYvbWljcm9zb2Z0LXdpbmRvd3MtdGVybWluYWwtY3J0LWVmZmVjdHMtcmV0cm8tc2VhcmNoLXRhYnMtZmVhdHVyZXM?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Mystery Chinese virus: How worried should we be? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9oZWFsdGgtNTEwNDgzNjbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL2hlYWx0aC01MTA0ODM2Ng?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

California governor Gavin Newsom orders agencies to find land to use for homeless shelters - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1nb3Zlcm5vci1nYXZpbi1uZXdzb20tb3JkZXJzLWFnZW5jaWVzLXRvLWZpbmQtbGFuZC10by11c2UtZm9yLWhvbWVsZXNzLXNoZWx0ZXJzL9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEtZ292ZXJub3ItZ2F2aW4tbmV3c29tLW9yZGVycy1hZ2VuY2llcy10by1maW5kLWxhbmQtdG8tdXNlLWZvci1ob21lbGVzcy1zaGVsdGVycy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Australia fires: The viral false claim of 200 arsonists starting bushfires, explained - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgzMzIvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWFyc29uLWxpZ2h0bmluZy1leHBsYWluZWTSAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODMzMi9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZXMtYXJzb24tbGlnaHRuaW5nLWV4cGxhaW5lZA?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

At CES 2020, Alexa will help you sleep better -- for $5K - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtYW1hem9uLWFsZXhhLWx1eHVyeS1iZWQtd2lsbC1oZWxwLXlvdS1zbGVlcC1iZXR0ZXItZm9yLTUwMDAv0gFqaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2Nlcy0yMDIwLWFtYXpvbi1hbGV4YS1sdXh1cnktYmVkLXdpbGwtaGVscC15b3Utc2xlZXAtYmV0dGVyLWZvci01MDAwLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

The Best Dividend Stocks for 2020 - Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1iZXN0LWRpdmlkZW5kLXN0b2Nrcy1mb3ItMjAyMC5hc3B40gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9vbC5jb20vYW1wL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RoZS1iZXN0LWRpdmlkZW5kLXN0b2Nrcy1mb3ItMjAyMC5hc3B4?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

How a clothing store owner found the secret to beating Clemson QB Trevor Lawrence - Durham Herald Sun
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhlcmFsZHN1bi5jb20vc3BvcnRzL2NvbGxlZ2UvYWNjL2FydGljbGUyMzkxMjYzNjguaHRtbNIBQmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmhlcmFsZHN1bi5jb20vc3BvcnRzL2NvbGxlZ2UvYWNjL2FydGljbGUyMzkxMjYzNjguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.heraldsun.com

Dow climbs nearly 200 points on gains in Apple Inc., Goldman Sachs stocks - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9kb3ctY2xpbWJzLW5lYXJseS0yMDAtcG9pbnRzLW9uLWdhaW5zLWluLWFwcGxlLWluYy1nb2xkbWFuLXNhY2hzLXN0b2Nrcy0yMDIwLTAxLTA50gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzJFNEM4NDY2LTc3QzYtNDMyRC1CNkU4LUVGQzI1QTMyQ0JBMA?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Senate Democrats Decide to Shut Up and Let Nancy Pelosi Do Her Thing - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VuYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zdHJhdGVneS1uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2kuaHRtbNIBYmh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VuYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zdHJhdGVneS1uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2kuYW1w?oc=5
https://slate.com

Surveillance video of Epstein cell on night of 1st alleged suicide attempt deleted, 'technical errors' blamed - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2plZmZyZXktZXBzdGVpbi1qYWlsLWNlbGwtc3VydmVpbGxhbmNlLXZpZGVvLXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC10ZWNobmljYWwtZXJyb3Jz0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLWphaWwtY2VsbC1zdXJ2ZWlsbGFuY2UtdmlkZW8tc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Nintendo will charge for new Pokemon Sword and Shield content. Some fans aren't happy - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL3Bva2Vtb24tc3dvcmQtc2hpZWxkLWV4cGFuc2lvbi1jb3N0LXJlYWN0aW9uL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RlY2gvcG9rZW1vbi1zd29yZC1zaGllbGQtZXhwYW5zaW9uLWNvc3QtcmVhY3Rpb24vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant try making themselves the talk of CES 2020 - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvYW1hem9uLWFsZXhhLWFuZC1nb29nbGUtYXNzaXN0YW50LXRyeS1tYWtpbmctdGhlbXNlbHZlcy10YWxrLW9mLWNlcy0yMDIwL9IBbmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9hbWF6b24tYWxleGEtYW5kLWdvb2dsZS1hc3Npc3RhbnQtdHJ5LW1ha2luZy10aGVtc2VsdmVzLXRhbGstb2YtY2VzLTIwMjAv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

McConnell tells GOP senators to expect impeachment trial next week | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU5NS1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtdGVsbHMtZ29wLXNlbmF0b3JzLXRvLWV4cGVjdC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1uZXh0LXdlZWvSAXFodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL3NlbmF0ZS80Nzc1OTUtbWNjb25uZWxsLXRlbGxzLWdvcC1zZW5hdG9ycy10by1leHBlY3QtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtbmV4dC13ZWVrP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Donald Trump warns Iran its 'campaign of terror' is over - The Sun
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U1dQWWZic25XODTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

RSV on rise in Kansas City - KMBC Kansas City
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmttYmMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvcnN2LW9uLXJpc2UtaW4ta2Fuc2FzLWNpdHkvMzA0NjAwOTDSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5rbWJjLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9yc3Ytb24tcmlzZS1pbi1rYW5zYXMtY2l0eS8zMDQ2MDA5MA?oc=5
https://www.kmbc.com

Taco Bell to start offering $100,000 salary jobs - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vZm94OC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90YWNvLWJlbGwtdG8tc3RhcnQtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1qb2JzLXRtdy_SAVNodHRwczovL2ZveDguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy10bXcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://fox8.com

White House unveils plan for major projects to bypass environmental review - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9lbnZpcm9ubWVudC8yMDIwL2phbi8wOS93aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1wcm9qZWN0cy1wZXJtaXRzLWNsaW1hdGUtaW1wYWN0LXBsYW7SAWRodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtcHJvamVjdHMtcGVybWl0cy1jbGltYXRlLWltcGFjdC1wbGFu?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Trump moves to overhaul 'endless' environmental reviews for pipelines and highways - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9uZXhhbWluZXIuY29tL3BvbGljeS9lbmVyZ3kvdHJ1bXAtbW92ZXMtdG8tb3ZlcmhhdWwtZW5kbGVzcy1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXJldmlld3MtZm9yLXBpcGVsaW5lcy1hbmQtaGlnaHdheXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

White House unveils plan to speed big projects permits, sidestepping climate concern - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvZW52aXJvbm1lbnQvd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtdW52ZWlscy1wbGFuLXNwZWVkLWJpZy1wcm9qZWN0cy1wZXJtaXRzLXNpZGVzdGVwcGluZy1jbGltYXRlLW4xMTEyODIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTI4MjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Across the LOS: 5 questions with an LSU reporter - 247Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vMjQ3c3BvcnRzLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlL2NsZW1zb24vQXJ0aWNsZS9DbGVtc29uLUxTVS1wcmV2aWV3LU5hdGlvbmFsLUNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC0xNDE4OTk5MDIv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly8yNDdzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UvY2xlbXNvbi9BcnRpY2xlL0NsZW1zb24tTFNVLXByZXZpZXctTmF0aW9uYWwtQ2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLTE0MTg5OTkwMi9BbXAv?oc=5
https://247sports.com

Edd “Kookie” Byrnes Dies: ’77 Sunset Strip’ Teen Idol & ‘Grease’ Actor Was 87 - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvZWRkLWtvb2tpZS1ieXJuZXMtb2JpdHVhcnktNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXdhcy04Ny0xMjAyODI2MjY1L9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvZWRkLWtvb2tpZS1ieXJuZXMtb2JpdHVhcnktNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLXdhcy04Ny0xMjAyODI2MjY1L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Trump rally in Toledo, Ohio: Watch live stream as President Donald Trump speaks at rally amid U.S.-Iran tensions - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3RydW1wLXJhbGx5LXRvbGVkby10b2RheS0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLWh1bnRpbmd0b24tY2VudGVyLWxpdmUtc3RyZWFtLXVwZGF0ZXMtMjAyMC0wMS0wOS1saXZlLXN0cmVhbS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvdHJ1bXAtcmFsbHktdG9sZWRvLXRvZGF5LTIwMjAtY2FtcGFpZ24taHVudGluZ3Rvbi1jZW50ZXItbGl2ZS1zdHJlYW0tdXBkYXRlcy0yMDIwLTAxLTA5LWxpdmUtc3RyZWFtLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Who is Joe Burrow? 5 things to know about the LSU Tigers quarterback - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9qb2UtYnVycm93LWxzdS10aWdlcnMtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2vSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvam9lLWJ1cnJvdy1sc3UtdGlnZXJzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Edd Byrnes, known for "77 Sunset Strip," "Grease," dies at 87 at Santa Monica home, son says - KABC-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9hY3Rvci1lZGQtYnlybmVzLWtub3duLWZvci03Ny1zdW5zZXQtc3RyaXAtZGllcy1hdC04Ny1mYW1pbHktc2F5cy81ODMxNjQ4L9IBHGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjNy5jb20vYW1wLzU4MzE2NDg?oc=5
https://abc7.com

Gauging the Futures Market for Joe Brady, College Football's Hottest Assistant - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWpvZS1icmFkeS1mdXR1cmUtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1uZmzSAVRodHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbHN1LWpvZS1icmFkeS1mdXR1cmUtY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC1uZmw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Search teams return to deadly Idaho avalanche site after 'overdue skier' reported missing, police say - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3NlYXJjaC10ZWFtcy1yZXR1cm4tdG8tZGVhZGx5LWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1zaXRlLWFmdGVyLW92ZXJkdWUtc2tpZXItcmVwb3J0ZWQtbWlzc2luZy1wb2xpY2Utc2F50gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3NlYXJjaC10ZWFtcy1yZXR1cm4tdG8tZGVhZGx5LWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1zaXRlLWFmdGVyLW92ZXJkdWUtc2tpZXItcmVwb3J0ZWQtbWlzc2luZy1wb2xpY2Utc2F5LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Odell Beckham Sends Gift To LSU Before Clemson Game - Game7
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vaXRzZ2FtZTcuY29tL29kZWxsLWJlY2toYW0tc2VuZHMtZ2lmdC10by1sc3UtYmVmb3JlLWNsZW1zb24tZ2FtZS_SAU1odHRwczovL2l0c2dhbWU3LmNvbS9vZGVsbC1iZWNraGFtLXNlbmRzLWdpZnQtdG8tbHN1LWJlZm9yZS1jbGVtc29uLWdhbWUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://itsgame7.com

Seth Meyers Tears Into Trump for Blaming Iran Mess on Obama - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3NldGgtbWV5ZXJzLXRlYXJzLWludG8tdHJ1bXAtZm9yLWJsYW1pbmctaXJhbi1tZXNzLW9uLW9iYW1h0gEA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Another skier reported missing in deadly Idaho avalanche - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9hbm90aGVyLXNraWVyLXJlcG9ydGVkLW1pc3NpbmctZGVhZGx5LWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1uMTExMjc0MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEyNzQx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iran releases video of missile attacks on US bases in Iraq - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UUtJdk9lS0hwRkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Third body found after Idaho ski resort avalanche - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9pZGFoby1za2ktcmVzb3J0LWF2YWxhbmNoZS10aGlyZC1ib2R5LWZvdW5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3VzL2lkYWhvLXNraS1yZXNvcnQtYXZhbGFuY2hlLXRoaXJkLWJvZHktZm91bmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Listen to Mike Leach's Call to Mississippi State Season Ticket Holders - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWlrZS1sZWFjaC1taXNzaXNzaXBwaS1zdGF0ZS1zZWFzb24tdGlja2V0LWhvbGRlcnMtY2FsbNIBYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS8uYW1wL2NvbGxlZ2UvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWtlLWxlYWNoLW1pc3Npc3NpcHBpLXN0YXRlLXNlYXNvbi10aWNrZXQtaG9sZGVycy1jYWxs?oc=5
https://www.si.com

If Clemson beats LSU, the Colley Matrix will have Ohio State at No. 1 - Buckeyes Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vYnVja2V5ZXN3aXJlLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2lmLWNsZW1zb24tYmVhdHMtbHN1LXRoZS1jb2xsZXktbWF0cml4LXdpbGwtaGF2ZS1vaGlvLXN0YXRlLWF0LW5vLTEv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly9idWNrZXllc3dpcmUudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaWYtY2xlbXNvbi1iZWF0cy1sc3UtdGhlLWNvbGxleS1tYXRyaXgtd2lsbC1oYXZlLW9oaW8tc3RhdGUtYXQtbm8tMS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://buckeyeswire.usatoday.com

Ellen DeGeneres launches Australia GoFundMe with $5 million goal; other celebs join effort - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2VsbGVuLWRlZ2VuZXJlcy1zdGFydHMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2hmaXJlLXJlbGllZi1nb2Z1bmRtZS80NDI0NzUxMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyNDc1MTAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Australia's Severe Wildfires Were Predicted by the Government Over a Decade Ago - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtd2lsZGZpcmVzLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtZGVjYWRlLWFnby0xNDgxMjc20gFQaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL2F1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1kZWNhZGUtYWdvLTE0ODEyNzY_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Companies are paying big bucks to insure boards against liability as class-action suits soar - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2NvbXBhbmllcy1hcmUtcGF5aW5nLWJpZy1idWNrcy10by1pbnN1cmUtYm9hcmRzLWFnYWluc3QtbGlhYmlsaXR5LWFzLWNsYXNzLWFjdGlvbi1zdWl0cy1zb2FyLmh0bWzSAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY29tcGFuaWVzLWFyZS1wYXlpbmctYmlnLWJ1Y2tzLXRvLWluc3VyZS1ib2FyZHMtYWdhaW5zdC1saWFiaWxpdHktYXMtY2xhc3MtYWN0aW9uLXN1aXRzLXNvYXIuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Foldable Samsung Galaxy Bloom leaked in secret CES meeting - TechRadar India
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vbmV3cy9mb2xkYWJsZS1zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1sZWFrZWQtaW4tc2VjcmV0LWNlcy1tZWV0aW5n0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGVjaHJhZGFyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9mb2xkYWJsZS1zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1sZWFrZWQtaW4tc2VjcmV0LWNlcy1tZWV0aW5n?oc=5
https://www.techradar.com

On world stage, Trump loathed as much as Obama loved, Pew survey says - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3Bldy1yZXNlYXJjaC1jZW50ZXItc3VydmV5LWRvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsLWF0dGl0dWRlcy8yODMyNTE1MDAxL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvMjgzMjUxNTAwMQ?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

An Upcoming Impact With the Magellanic Clouds is Already Causing Star Formation in the Milky Way - Universe Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy51bml2ZXJzZXRvZGF5LmNvbS8xNDQ1NTYvYW4tdXBjb21pbmctaW1wYWN0LXdpdGgtdGhlLW1hZ2VsbGFuaWMtY2xvdWRzLWlzLWFscmVhZHktY2F1c2luZy1zdGFyLWZvcm1hdGlvbi1pbi10aGUtbWlsa3ktd2F5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.universetoday.com

NASA's Super-Muscular Mice Return to Earth From Space - Futurism
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3RoZS1ieXRlL25hc2EtbXVzY3VsYXItbWljZS1yZXR1cm4tZWFydGgtc3BhY2XSAT5odHRwczovL2Z1dHVyaXNtLmNvbS9uYXNhLW11c2N1bGFyLW1pY2UtcmV0dXJuLWVhcnRoLXNwYWNlL2FtcA?oc=5
https://futurism.com

Where You Want to Get Cancer - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvd2hlcmUteW91LXdhbnQtdG8tZ2V0LWNhbmNlci0xMTU3ODYxNTI3NNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

An Olympic First: Cardboard Beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - Snopes.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hbi1vbHltcGljLWZpcnN0LWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWZvci10b2t5by1hdGhsZXRlcy12aWxsYWdlL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hbi1vbHltcGljLWZpcnN0LWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWZvci10b2t5by1hdGhsZXRlcy12aWxsYWdlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.snopes.com

Olympic Athletes Will Be Sleeping on These Cardboard Beds at the 2020 Tokyo Games - Highsnobiety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhpZ2hzbm9iaWV0eS5jb20vcC90b2t5by0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzL9IBTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhpZ2hzbm9iaWV0eS5jb20vcC90b2t5by0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLz9mb3JtYXQ9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.highsnobiety.com

Boeing Employees Mocked F.A.A. in Internal Messages - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLTczNy1tZXNzYWdlcy5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1lc3NhZ2VzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

IOC makes it clear: Kneeling, raised fists, other protests not allowed at 2020 Olympics - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFvbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaW9jLW1ha2VzLWl0LWNsZWFyLWF0aGxldGUtcHJvdGVzdHMtbm90LWFsbG93ZWQtYXQtMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy8yMzg5ODAwOS_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

Boeing Employees Mocked FAA In Internal Messages Before 737 Max Disasters - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTUxMjMxNTgvYm9laW5nLWVtcGxveWVlcy1tb2NrZWQtZmFhLWluLWludGVybmFsLW1lc3NhZ2VzLWJlZm9yZS03MzctbWF4LWRpc2FzdGVyc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

An Olympic first: Cardboard beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - Japan Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vamFwYW50b2RheS5jb20vY2F0ZWdvcnkvMjAyMC10b2t5by1vbHltcGljcy9hbi1vbHltcGljLWZpcnN0LWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWZvci10b2t5by1hdGhsZXRlcy12aWxsYWdl0gEA?oc=5
https://japantoday.com

Video Outside Cell During Jeffrey Epstein's First Suicide Attempt 'No Longer Exists' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS83OTUwMDQ4MTEvdmlkZW8tb3V0c2lkZS1jZWxsLWR1cmluZy1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW5zLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC1uby1sb25nZXItZXhpc3TSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

TESS Finds a Planet That Orbits Two Stars - Universe Today
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVuaXZlcnNldG9kYXkuY29tLzE0NDU1MS90ZXNzLWZpbmRzLWEtcGxhbmV0LXRoYXQtb3JiaXRzLXR3by1zdGFycy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.universetoday.com

Duckworth slams Collins's comments: 'I left parts of my body in Iraq fighting terrorists' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzU3OC1kdWNrd29ydGgtc2xhbXMtY29sbGlucy1jb21tZW50cy1pLWxlZnQtcGFydHMtb2YtbXktYm9keS1pbi1pcmFxLWZpZ2h0aW5n0gF4aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9zZW5hdGUvNDc3NTc4LWR1Y2t3b3J0aC1zbGFtcy1jb2xsaW5zLWNvbW1lbnRzLWktbGVmdC1wYXJ0cy1vZi1teS1ib2R5LWluLWlyYXEtZmlnaHRpbmc_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Director Scott Derrickson Has Departed the Doctor Strange Sequel - Gizmodo
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vaW85Lmdpem1vZG8uY29tL2RpcmVjdG9yLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24taGFzLWRlcGFydGVkLXRoZS1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW4tMTg0MDkxMzU4NdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vaW85Lmdpem1vZG8uY29tL2RpcmVjdG9yLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24taGFzLWRlcGFydGVkLXRoZS1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW4tMTg0MDkxMzU4NS9hbXA?oc=5
https://io9.gizmodo.com

An Olympic First: Cardboard beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - NBC Montana
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHA6Ly9uYmNtb250YW5hLmNvbS9uZXdzL29mZmJlYXQvYW4tb2x5bXBpYy1maXJzdC1jYXJkYm9hcmQtYmVkcy1mb3ItdG9reW8tYXRobGV0ZXMtdmlsbGFnZdIBAA?oc=5
http://nbcmontana.com

Teen discovers new planet while interning with NASA - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMveW9yay10ZWVuLWRpc2NvdmVycy1wbGFuZXQtaW50ZXJuaW5nLW5hc2Evc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNjk4OTfSAVlodHRwczovL2FiY25ld3MuZ28uY29tL2FtcC9VUy95b3JrLXRlZW4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldC1pbnRlcm5pbmctbmFzYS9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE2OTg5Nw?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

Taco Bell to start offering $100,000 salary jobs - KRON4
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmtyb240LmNvbS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbmFsL3RhY28tYmVsbC10by1zdGFydC1vZmZlcmluZy0xMDAwMDAtc2FsYXJ5LWpvYnMv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cua3JvbjQuY29tL25ld3MvbmF0aW9uYWwvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.kron4.com

Everything Jim Cramer said about the stock market on 'Mad Money,' including momentum rally, Tyson Foods' potential, Bed Bath & Beyond opportunity - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvamltLWNyYW1lcnMtbWFkLW1vbmV5LXJlY2FwLXN0b2NrLXBpY2tzLWphbi05LTIwMjAuaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2ppbS1jcmFtZXJzLW1hZC1tb25leS1yZWNhcC1zdG9jay1waWNrcy1qYW4tOS0yMDIwLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Ten potential coaching candidates to replace Mike Leach at Washington State - The Spokesman-Review
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwb2tlc21hbi5jb20vc3Rvcmllcy8yMDIwL2phbi8wOS90ZW4tcG90ZW50aWFsLWNvYWNoaW5nLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtdG8tcmVwbGFjZS1taWtlLS_SAXBodHRwOi8vd3d3LnNwb2tlc21hbi5jb20vc3Rvcmllcy8yMDIwL2phbi8wOS90ZW4tcG90ZW50aWFsLWNvYWNoaW5nLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtdG8tcmVwbGFjZS1taWtlLS8_YW1wLWNvbnRlbnQ9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.spokesman.com

Taiwan election: How Tsai stayed one step ahead - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hc2lhLTUxMDI5Mjgw0gEwaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC93b3JsZC1hc2lhLTUxMDI5Mjgw?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Watch: Teacher arrested for tossing student out of class, into hallway - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dhdGNoLXRlYWNoZXItYXJyZXN0ZWQtZm9yLXRvc3Npbmctc3R1ZGVudC1vdXQtb2YtY2xhc3MtaW50by1oYWxsd2F5L9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dhdGNoLXRlYWNoZXItYXJyZXN0ZWQtZm9yLXRvc3Npbmctc3R1ZGVudC1vdXQtb2YtY2xhc3MtaW50by1oYWxsd2F5L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Gold bulls revert back to the basics - Kitco NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtpdGNvLmNvbS9jb21tZW50YXJpZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9Hb2xkLWJ1bGxzLXJldmVydC1iYWNrLXRvLXRoZS1iYXNpY3MuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.kitco.com

Athletes barred from taking a knee, raising fists at 2020 Olympics - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2F0aGxldGVzLWJhcnJlZC1mcm9tLXRha2luZy1hLWtuZWUtcmFpc2luZy1maXN0cy1hdC0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2F0aGxldGVzLWJhcnJlZC1mcm9tLXRha2luZy1hLWtuZWUtcmFpc2luZy1maXN0cy1hdC0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Pelosi sets vote on measure to limit Trump's war powers, citing 'urgent' concerns on Iran strategy - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi1wZWxvc2ktaG91c2Utdm90ZS1saW1pdC10cnVtcC13YXItcG93ZXJzLzI4NDc3MDkwMDEv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC8yODQ3NzA5MDAx?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Watch live: Trump speaks at campaign rally in Ohio - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TGoxODRXS3B3WGPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Samsung CEO reveals name of the next foldable, confirms S20 family in secret meeting - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nX2Nlb19yZXZlYWxzX25hbWVfb2ZfdGhlX25leHRfZm9sZGFibGVfY29uZmlybXNfczIwX2ZhbWlseV9pbl9zZWNyZXRfbWVldGluZy1uZXdzLTQwOTY3LnBocNIBeGh0dHBzOi8vbS5nc21hcmVuYS5jb20vc2Ftc3VuZ19jZW9fcmV2ZWFsc19uYW1lX29mX3RoZV9uZXh0X2ZvbGRhYmxlX2NvbmZpcm1zX3MyMF9mYW1pbHlfaW5fc2VjcmV0X21lZXRpbmctYW1wLTQwOTY3LnBocA?oc=5
https://www.gsmarena.com

Oil Struggles to Restart Rally as U.S.-Iran Conflict Cools - Investing.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmludmVzdGluZy5jb20vbmV3cy9jb21tb2RpdGllcy1uZXdzL29pbC1zdHJ1Z2dsZXMtdG8tcmVzdGFydC1yYWxseS1hcy11c2lyYW4tY29uZmxpY3QtY29vbHMtMjA1NjIwMdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.investing.com

Report: Jim Caldwell, Kevin O’Connell candidates for Eagles’ OC job - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9yZXBvcnQtamltLWNhbGR3ZWxsLWtldmluLW9jb25uZWxsLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtZm9yLWVhZ2xlcy1vYy1qb2Iv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly9wcm9mb290YmFsbHRhbGsubmJjc3BvcnRzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3JlcG9ydC1qaW0tY2FsZHdlbGwta2V2aW4tb2Nvbm5lbGwtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1mb3ItZWFnbGVzLW9jLWpvYi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Galaxy A51 and A71 hands-on: Samsung's mid-rangers bring great specs inside woeful plastic bodies - Android Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1hNTEtYW5kLWE3MdIBPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1hNTEtYW5kLWE3MT9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.androidcentral.com

Lime pulls its scooters out of 12 markets and lays off staff - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2xpbWUtc2Nvb3Rlci1sYXlvZmZzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RlY2gvbGltZS1zY29vdGVyLWxheW9mZnMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wave of "Stellar Nurseries" May Be Our Galaxy’s Biggest Structure - Futurism
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3RoZS1ieXRlL3dhdmUtc3RlbGxhci1udXJzZXJpZXMtZ2FsYXh5cy1iaWdnZXN0LXN0cnVjdHVyZdIBSWh0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3dhdmUtc3RlbGxhci1udXJzZXJpZXMtZ2FsYXh5cy1iaWdnZXN0LXN0cnVjdHVyZS9hbXA?oc=5
https://futurism.com

Kushner’s Global Role Shrinks as He Tackles Another: The 2020 Election - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvamFyZWQta3VzaG5lci10cnVtcC1jYW1wYWlnbi5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9wb2xpdGljcy9qYXJlZC1rdXNobmVyLXRydW1wLWNhbXBhaWduLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Packers call for 700 volunteers to shovel snow at Lambeau Field at 6 a.m. - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9wYWNrZXJzLWxhbWJlYXUtZmllbGQtc25vdy1zaG92ZWwtZmFucy1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtMDExOTAwODI0Lmh0bWzSAWNodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9wYWNrZXJzLWxhbWJlYXUtZmllbGQtc25vdy1zaG92ZWwtZmFucy1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtMDExOTAwODI0Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Watch Live: Trump Holds "Keep America Great" Campaign Rally In Toledo, Ohio - RealClearPolitics
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJlYWxjbGVhcnBvbGl0aWNzLmNvbS92aWRlby8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3dhdGNoX2xpdmVfdHJ1bXBfaG9sZHNfY2FtcGFpZ25fcmFsbHlfaW5fdG9sZWRvX29oaW8uaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.realclearpolitics.com

Watch again: Donald Trump stops short of threatening Iran with further military action - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UVYtVW9xQnhBTXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

J.C. Penney, Macy’s and other department stores don’t have many more seasons left for a turnaround, analyst says - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3RvcnkvamMtcGVubmV5LW1hY3lzLWFuZC1vdGhlci1kZXBhcnRtZW50LXN0b3Jlcy1kb250LWhhdmUtbWFueS1tb3JlLXNlYXNvbnMtbGVmdC1mb3ItYS10dXJuYXJvdW5kLWFuYWx5c3Qtc2F5cy0yMDIwLTAxLTA50gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkLzMxRUVENTY2LTMzMjUtMTFFQS05NzMzLTYxMDM4NTA5QkFCMg?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

A teacher is charged with battery after video shows him grabbing and carrying a student, police say - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9mbG9yaWRhLWZsYWdsZXItY291bnR5LXRlYWNoZXItYmF0dGVyeS1hcnJlc3QvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMvZmxvcmlkYS1mbGFnbGVyLWNvdW50eS10ZWFjaGVyLWJhdHRlcnktYXJyZXN0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Doctor Strange 2 director steps down due to "creative differences" - GamesRadar
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcmFkYXIuY29tL2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLTItbG9zZXMtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi_SAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5nYW1lc3JhZGFyLmNvbS9hbXAvZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2UtMi1sb3Nlcy1kaXJlY3Rvci1zY290dC1kZXJyaWNrc29uLw?oc=5
https://www.gamesradar.com

Odell Beckham Jr. Gifts LSU Beats Headphones Ahead of National Championship - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvb2RlbGwtYmVja2hhbS1qci1sc3UtdGlnZXJzLWJlYXRzLWhlYWRwaG9uZXMtbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlw0gFtaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvY29sbGVnZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL29kZWxsLWJlY2toYW0tanItbHN1LXRpZ2Vycy1iZWF0cy1oZWFkcGhvbmVzLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcA?oc=5
https://www.si.com

No anthem kneeling at the Olympics: IOC announces political protest rules - TheBlaze
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsYXplLmNvbS9uZXdzL25vLWFudGhlbS1rbmVlbGluZy1hdC10aGUtb2x5bXBpY3MtaW9jLWFubm91bmNlcy1wb2xpdGljYWwtcHJvdGVzdC1ydWxlc9IBdWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsYXplLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbm8tYW50aGVtLWtuZWVsaW5nLWF0LXRoZS1vbHltcGljcy1pb2MtYW5ub3VuY2VzLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1wcm90ZXN0LXJ1bGVzL2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.theblaze.com

2020 NFL divisional round playoff odds, picks: Russell Wilson gives Seahawks a huge advantage over Packers - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGxheW9mZi1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2lsc29uLWdpdmVzLXNlYWhhd2tzLWEtaHVnZS1hZHZhbnRhZ2Utb3Zlci1wYWNrZXJzL9IBkAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGxheW9mZi1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2lsc29uLWdpdmVzLXNlYWhhd2tzLWEtaHVnZS1hZHZhbnRhZ2Utb3Zlci1wYWNrZXJzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

'A lot of good news coming out of this Administration': Trump says of lower cancer deaths - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdHJ1bXAtYXBwZWFycy10YWtlLWNyZWRpdC1sb3dlci1jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZXMvNDQyNzAzNTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjcwMzUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Baghdad locals unimpressed by US and Iran's tit-for-tat fight on Iraqi soil: 'We are students of war' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tbWlzc2lsZS1zdHJpa2Utb24tdXMtdGFyZ2V0cy1pcmFxaS1yZWFjdGlvbi1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAW5odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L21pZGRsZWVhc3QvaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZS1vbi11cy10YXJnZXRzLWlyYXFpLXJlYWN0aW9uLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Sen. James Risch: Intel briefing on Iran threat was 'absolutely' convincing - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3Nlbi1qYW1lcy1yaXNjaC1pbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UtYnJpZWZpbmctbWlrZS1sZWUtaXJhbi1hYnNvbHV0ZWx5LWNvbnZpbmNpbmctdGhyZWF00gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvc2VuLWphbWVzLXJpc2NoLWludGVsbGlnZW5jZS1icmllZmluZy1taWtlLWxlZS1pcmFuLWFic29sdXRlbHktY29udmluY2luZy10aHJlYXQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Athletes Will Sleep on Cardboard Bed Frames at 2020 Tokyo Olympics - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9vbHltcGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L29seW1waWNzLWNhcmRib2FyZC1iZWRzLWF0aGxldGVzLXRva3lv0gFSaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvb2x5bXBpY3MvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vbHltcGljcy1jYXJkYm9hcmQtYmVkcy1hdGhsZXRlcy10b2t5bw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Trump mocks Democrats' push for notice before further military action on Iran - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3doaXRlLWhvdXNlL3RydW1wLW1vY2tzLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1wdXNoLW5vdGljZS1mdXJ0aGVyLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWFjdGlvbi1pcmFuLW4xMTEzMzMx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMzMzE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Our Guide To The NFL’s Divisional Round - FiveThirtyEight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vZml2ZXRoaXJ0eWVpZ2h0LmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy9vdXItZ3VpZGUtdG8tdGhlLW5mbHMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC_SAVBodHRwczovL2ZpdmV0aGlydHllaWdodC5jb20vZmVhdHVyZXMvb3VyLWd1aWRlLXRvLXRoZS1uZmxzLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://fivethirtyeight.com

Oil eases as focus shifts from Iran tensions to U.S. crude build - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtZ2xvYmFsLW9pbC9vaWwtc3RlYWRpZXMtYS1kYXktYWZ0ZXItaXJhbmlhbi1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZS1rbm9ja3MtcHJpY2VzLWlkVVNLQk4xWjgwQ1bSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MENW?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Trump stays publicly silent on Puerto Rican earthquakes but has signed emergency declaration - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wolf Moon 2020: January’s full moon, eclipse visible this week - syracuse.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnN5cmFjdXNlLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvd29sZi1tb29uLTIwMjAtamFudWFyeXMtZnVsbC1tb29uLWVjbGlwc2UtdmlzaWJsZS10aGlzLXdlZWsuaHRtbNIBeGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnN5cmFjdXNlLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvd29sZi1tb29uLTIwMjAtamFudWFyeXMtZnVsbC1tb29uLWVjbGlwc2UtdmlzaWJsZS10aGlzLXdlZWsuaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.syracuse.com

Child dies of the flu in Chicago, marking state’s first pediatric influenza death this season - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzL2N0LWNoaWNhZ28tZmx1LWRlYXRoLWlsbGlub2lzLTIwMjAwMTA5LTV3eHhqbng2Z3ZoNDdheTJuYWptc3NqcXJ1LXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

Feldman: The last guy to beat Trevor Lawrence, and his unique connection to Monday night - The Athletic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3RoZWF0aGxldGljLmNvbS8xNTIwMzM4LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZmVsZG1hbi10aGUtbGFzdC1ndXktdG8tYmVhdC10cmV2b3ItbGF3cmVuY2UtYW5kLWhpcy11bmlxdWUtY29ubmVjdGlvbi10by1tb25kYXktbmlnaHQv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlYXRobGV0aWMuY29tLzE1MjAzMzgvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9mZWxkbWFuLXRoZS1sYXN0LWd1eS10by1iZWF0LXRyZXZvci1sYXdyZW5jZS1hbmQtaGlzLXVuaXF1ZS1jb25uZWN0aW9uLXRvLW1vbmRheS1uaWdodC8_YW1w?oc=5
https://theathletic.com

Athletes Barred from Taking a Knee, Raising Fists at 2020 Olympics - Breitbart
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJyZWl0YmFydC5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXRobGV0ZXMtYmFycmVkLWZyb20tdGFraW5nLWEta25lZS1yYWlzaW5nLWZpc3RzLWF0LTIwMjAtb2x5bXBpY3Mv0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYnJlaXRiYXJ0LmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdGhsZXRlcy1iYXJyZWQtZnJvbS10YWtpbmctYS1rbmVlLXJhaXNpbmctZmlzdHMtYXQtMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.breitbart.com

Source: Federal authorities ask Speaker Michael Madigan confidant to cooperate in probe - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGljYWdvdHJpYnVuZS5jb20vaW52ZXN0aWdhdGlvbnMvY3QtbWlrZS1tYWRpZ2FuLW1jbGFpbi1mZWRlcmFsLWludmVzdGlnYXRpb24tY29vcGVyYXRpb24tMjAyMDAxMDktb2JneWxkYzdjcmZ4eGJ2aWloaTdoeTNuNWEtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

US firefighters welcomed at Australian airport with round of applause - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UHZoZXNDLXdVczDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Airlines offer fare caps amid worry about Puerto Rico flight prices in wake of earthquakes - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvdHJhdmVsL2FpcmxpbmUtbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3B1ZXJ0by1yaWNvLWVhcnRocXVha2VzLWFtZXJpY2FuLWFpcmxpbmVzLWpldGJsdWUtY2FwLWZhcmVzLzQ0MjA2MTcwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDIwNjE3MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Trump holds a campaign rally in Ohio – watch live - Guardian News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ZFMtU1c4Q3FGdU3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trevor Lawrence doesn't like losing: "It sucks" - TigerNet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpZ2VybmV0LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9UcmV2b3ItTGF3cmVuY2UtZG9lc250LWxpa2UtbG9zaW5nLUl0LXN1Y2tzLTE4NDgw0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGlnZXJuZXQuY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9UcmV2b3ItTGF3cmVuY2UtZG9lc250LWxpa2UtbG9zaW5nLUl0LXN1Y2tzLTE4NDgw?oc=5
https://www.tigernet.com

Aaron Jones is refreshed and ready to roll - Packers.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBhY2tlcnMuY29tL25ld3MvYWFyb24tam9uZXMtaXMtcmVmcmVzaGVkLWFuZC1yZWFkeS10by1yb2xs0gEA?oc=5
https://www.packers.com

Boris Johnson's Brexit bill passes in historic vote clearing the way for Britain's exit from the EU - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbi1icmV4aXQtYmlsbC1wYXNzZXMtY29tbW9ucy12b3RlLW1wcy1ldS1leGl0LTIwMjAtMdIBYGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbi1icmV4aXQtYmlsbC1wYXNzZXMtY29tbW9ucy12b3RlLW1wcy1ldS1leGl0LTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

An Olympic First: Cardboard beds for Tokyo Athletes Village - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS8yMjZiNDMyMzYyZTYwNTZkMGQwODA3YWZhNzZmOTQzM9IBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

Taiwan's presidential hopefuls turn to YouTube and Facebook as elections draw closer - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFpd2FuLWVsZWN0aW9ucy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1yYW1wLXVwLXNvY2lhbC1tZWRpYS1jYW1wYWlnbi5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFpd2FuLWVsZWN0aW9ucy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1yYW1wLXVwLXNvY2lhbC1tZWRpYS1jYW1wYWlnbi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Video: Athletes to Sleep on Beds with Cardboard Frames at 2020 Tokyo Olympics - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA0ODEtdmlkZW8tYXRobGV0ZXMtdG8tc2xlZXAtb24tYmVkcy13aXRoLWNhcmRib2FyZC1mcmFtZXMtYXQtMjAyMC10b2t5by1vbHltcGljc9IBiAFodHRwczovL3N5bmRpY2F0aW9uLmJsZWFjaGVycmVwb3J0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg3MDQ4MS12aWRlby1hdGhsZXRlcy10by1zbGVlcC1vbi1iZWRzLXdpdGgtY2FyZGJvYXJkLWZyYW1lcy1hdC0yMDIwLXRva3lvLW9seW1waWNzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

International Olympic Committee tells athletes they cannot take a knee in protest but they can make comments on social media - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vZWRpdGlvbi5jbm4uY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3BvcnQvb2x5bXBpY3Mtbm8ta25lZWxpbmctcG9kaXVtLXNwdC1pbnRsLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc3BvcnQvb2x5bXBpY3Mtbm8ta25lZWxpbmctcG9kaXVtLXNwdC1pbnRsLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://edition.cnn.com

Trump says Soleimani plotted to blow up US embassy - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktdXMtZW1iYXNzeS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktdXMtZW1iYXNzeS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Sen. Rand Paul: Most members of Senate 'don't care about the Constitution' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3JhbmQtcGF1bC1pcmFuLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtc2VuYXRl0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvcmFuZC1wYXVsLWlyYW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1zZW5hdGUuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump slams Democrats for criticism over strike on Iranian general | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjQwLXRydW1wLXNsYW1zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1mb3ItY3JpdGljaXNtLW92ZXItc3RyaWtlLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbNIBeWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjQwLXRydW1wLXNsYW1zLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1mb3ItY3JpdGljaXNtLW92ZXItc3RyaWtlLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

With Iran war powers resolution, Kaine finds new way to push his signature issue - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

PREVIEW: What to expect from the December jobs report - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0LWxhYm9yLWRlcGFydG1lbnQtMjE1NjE0MjgzLmh0bWzSAWBodHRwczovL2ZpbmFuY2UueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvbmV3cy9kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0LWxhYm9yLWRlcGFydG1lbnQtMjE1NjE0MjgzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

RELIVE - Opening Ceremony | Lausanne 2020 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TzVNY1ZVV29HeEnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Video from Epstein’s first apparent suicide attempt lost due to ‘technical errors,’ prosecutors say - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8tZXBzdGVpbnMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LWxvc3QtZHVlLXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtc2F5L9IBmAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8tZXBzdGVpbnMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LWxvc3QtZHVlLXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtc2F5Lz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Australians urged to flee as huge wildfires revitalize - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhbnMtdXJnZWQtZmxlZS1odWdlLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1yZXZpdGFsaXplLW4xMTEzMzM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMzMzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Edd Byrnes, of '77 Sunset Strip' and 'Grease' fame, dies at 87 - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2VkZC1ieXJuZXMtNzctc3Vuc2V0LXN0cmlwLWFuZC1ncmVhc2UtZmFtZS1kaWVzLTg3LzQ0MjY2NTcwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDI2NjU3MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Trump’s Contempt for Democracy Has Reached New Depths - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvdHJ1bXAtY29uZ3Jlc3Mtd2FyLXBvd2Vycy1pcmFuLmh0bWzSAU5odHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL3RydW1wLWNvbmdyZXNzLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtaXJhbi5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stun royal family and the world - Today.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvZGF5LmNvbS92aWRlby9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktYW5kLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtc3R1bi1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHktYW5kLXRoZS13b3JsZC03NjM0Mjg1MzY3NNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.today.com

'This is our time': Watch LSU football's national championship hype video, narrated by Anthony Mackie - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfZWU4Y2YxNjQtMzM0Yi0xMWVhLTgyMzUtNzM1ZTFmNmRhMzhiLmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVhZHZvY2F0ZS5jb20vYmF0b25fcm91Z2Uvc3BvcnRzL2xzdS9hcnRpY2xlX2VlOGNmMTY0LTMzNGItMTFlYS04MjM1LTczNWUxZjZkYTM4Yi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

In Photos: SpaceX Launches Third Batch of 60 Starlink Satellites to Orbit - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9zcGFjZXgtc3RhcmxpbmstMi1sYXVuY2gtcGhvdG9zLmh0bWzSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5zcGFjZS5jb20vYW1wL3NwYWNleC1zdGFybGluay0yLWxhdW5jaC1waG90b3MuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.space.com

IOC lay down law over Olympic protests by athletes in Tokyo - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zcG9ydC8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9pb2MtbGF5LWRvd24tbGF3LW92ZXItb2x5bXBpYy1wcm90ZXN0cy1ieS1hdGhsZXRlcy1pbi10b2t5b9IBaWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zcG9ydC8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9pb2MtbGF5LWRvd24tbGF3LW92ZXItb2x5bXBpYy1wcm90ZXN0cy1ieS1hdGhsZXRlcy1pbi10b2t5bw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Gwen Berry, U.S. Olympian who raised fist, on IOC's protest policy: 'We shouldn't be silenced. It's a form of control' - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9pb2MtcHJvdGVzdC1wb2xpY3ktZ3dlbi1iZXJyeS1hdGhsZXRlcy11c29jLTAzNTgzOTA0MC5odG1s0gFbaHR0cHM6Ly9zcG9ydHMueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvaW9jLXByb3Rlc3QtcG9saWN5LWd3ZW4tYmVycnktYXRobGV0ZXMtdXNvYy0wMzU4MzkwNDAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Child in Roosevelt County becomes first to die from flu in NM this season - KOB
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtvYi5jb20vbmV3LW1leGljby1uZXdzL2NoaWxkLWluLXJvb3NldmVsdC1jb3VudHktYmVjb21lcy1maXJzdC10by1kaWUtZnJvbS1mbHUtaW4tbm0tdGhpcy1zZWFzb24vNTYwMzY0Mi_SAXNodHRwczovL2FtcC5rb2IuY29tL2FydGljbGVzL2NoaWxkLWluLXJvb3NldmVsdC1jb3VudHktYmVjb21lcy1maXJzdC10by1kaWUtZnJvbS1mbHUtaW4tbm0tdGhpcy1zZWFzb24tNTYwMzY0Mi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.kob.com

'The Five' reacts to Prince Harry's 'Megxit' from royal duties: 'She's a palace-wrecker' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3RoZS1maXZlLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LXJveWFsLWZhbWlsedIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3RoZS1maXZlLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LXJveWFsLWZhbWlseS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Royal family not happy with Prince Harry and Meghan's announcement to "step back" - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL3ZpZGVvL3JveWFsLWZhbWlseS1ub3QtaGFwcHktd2l0aC1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktYW5kLW1lZ2hhbnMtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LXRvLXN0ZXAtYmFjay_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Top Olympic Committee Issues Ban On Political Gestures During 2020 Games - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5odWZmcG9zdC5jb20vZW50cnkvdG9wLW9seW1waWMtY29tbWl0dGVlLWlzc3Vlcy1iYW4tb24tcG9saXRpY2FsLWdlc3R1cmVzLWR1cmluZy0yMDIwLWdhbWVzX25fNWUxN2MwM2NjNWI2NTBjNjIxZGJkMGU40gE_aHR0cHM6Ly9tLmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS91cy9lbnRyeS91c181ZTE3YzAzY2M1YjY1MGM2MjFkYmQwZTgvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Watch Selena Gomez Deliver Her Most Inspiring Message to Fans - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTExMDI0OS93YXRjaC1zZWxlbmEtZ29tZXotaG9sZC1iYWNrLXRlYXJzLXdoaWxlLWRlbGl2ZXJpbmctaW5zcGlyaW5nLW1lc3NhZ2UtdG8tZmFuc9IBdGh0dHBzOi8vbS5lb25saW5lLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8xMTEwMjQ5L3dhdGNoLXNlbGVuYS1nb21lei1ob2xkLWJhY2stdGVhcnMtd2hpbGUtZGVsaXZlcmluZy1pbnNwaXJpbmctbWVzc2FnZS10by1mYW5z?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

5 highlights from Donald Trump's televised address on the Iranian missile attacks - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvaXJhbi10YWtlYXdheXMtdHJ1bXAtYWRkcmVzcy1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZXMtbWlsaXRhcnktYmFzZXMvMjg0NjQ1MDAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NDY0NTAwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Meghan Markle’s half-sister Samantha blasts Megxit as 'slap in the face' - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlcy1oYWxmLXNpc3Rlci1zYW1hbnRoYS1ibGFzdHMtbWVneGl0LWFzLXNsYXAtaW4tdGhlLWZhY2Uv0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9wYWdlc2l4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGVzLWhhbGYtc2lzdGVyLXNhbWFudGhhLWJsYXN0cy1tZWd4aXQtYXMtc2xhcC1pbi10aGUtZmFjZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Best of the CES Show Floor: Samsung's Ballie, HomeKit Shower Heads, Brydge Keyboards, Concept Phones, and More - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jZXMtMjAyMC1zaG93LWZsb29yL9IBPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jZXMtMjAyMC1zaG93LWZsb29yL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

In ten years, the number of scripted shows on American TV has more than doubled - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWRpYS9zY3JpcHRlZC10ZWxldmlzaW9uLXNlcmllcy10Y2EtcmVsaWFibGUtc291cmNlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tZWRpYS9zY3JpcHRlZC10ZWxldmlzaW9uLXNlcmllcy10Y2EtcmVsaWFibGUtc291cmNlcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pennsylvania helicopter crash: At least 2 dead after helicopter plummets into Silver Spring Township neighborhood - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3Blbm5zeWx2YW5pYS1oZWxpY29wdGVyLWNyYXNoLWF0LWxlYXN0LTItZGVhZC1zaWx2ZXItc3ByaW5nLXRvd25zaGlwLW5laWdoYm9yaG9vZC10b2RheS0yMDE5LTAxLTA5L9IBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9wZW5uc3lsdmFuaWEtaGVsaWNvcHRlci1jcmFzaC1hdC1sZWFzdC0yLWRlYWQtc2lsdmVyLXNwcmluZy10b3duc2hpcC1uZWlnaGJvcmhvb2QtdG9kYXktMjAxOS0wMS0wOS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Penumbral Lunar Eclipse Occurs Friday: Here's What to Expect - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9wZW51bWJyYWwtbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMC1ndWlkZS5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc3BhY2UuY29tL2FtcC9wZW51bWJyYWwtbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMC1ndWlkZS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Iran missile attack in Iraq was act of revenge and effort to deescalate - The - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlX2Vhc3QvaXJhbi10b29rLXJldmVuZ2Utbm8tb25lLWRpZWQtYW5kLXRoZS1yaXNrLW9mLXdhci1hYmF0ZXMtZm9yLW5vdy8yMDIwLzAxLzA4LzZkOTFmMDQ4LTMyMjctMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Oprah Winfrey advised Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Megxit - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vcHJhaC13aW5mcmV5LWFkdmlzZWQtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWFuZC1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLW9uLW1lZ3hpdC_SAWJodHRwczovL3BhZ2VzaXguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1hZHZpc2VkLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1vbi1tZWd4aXQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Selena Gomez - Rare (Official Lyrics) - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SFFFSEs3VmphUUXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump seeks to make case for strike on Iranian general in address to Ohio supporters | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NjQ1LXRydW1wLXNlZWtzLXRvLW1ha2UtY2FzZS1mb3Itc3RyaWtlLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbC1pbi1hZGRyZXNzLXRv0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbi80Nzc2NDUtdHJ1bXAtc2Vla3MtdG8tbWFrZS1jYXNlLWZvci1zdHJpa2Utb24taXJhbmlhbi1nZW5lcmFsLWluLWFkZHJlc3MtdG8_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Internal Boeing documents show employees discussing efforts to manipulate regulators scrutinizing the 737 Max - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Iranian commander vows "harsher revenge" against the United States - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TGhjalQtSllKUmvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Selena Gomez just released her first great pop album - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy9tdXNpYy9zdG9yeS8yMDIwLTAxLTA5L3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1yYXJlLW5ldy1hbGJ1bS1yZXZpZXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Mike Pompeo: Iran terror general Soleimani was planning 'imminent attacks' when he was killed - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcG9tcGVvLW1vbmV5LXJlbGVhc2VkLWJ5LW9iYW1hLWFkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLXdlbnQtdG8tcGVvcGxlLXdoby13YW50ZWQtdG8tZG8tYW1lcmljYW5zLWhhcm3SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvbWlrZS1wb21wZW8tbW9uZXktcmVsZWFzZWQtYnktb2JhbWEtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24td2VudC10by1wZW9wbGUtd2hvLXdhbnRlZC10by1kby1hbWVyaWNhbnMtaGFybS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Restoring an earthquake-hit power plant in Puerto Rico could take a year - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbGF0aW5vL3Jlc3RvcmluZy1lYXJ0aHF1YWtlLWhpdC1wb3dlci1wbGFudC1wdWVydG8tcmljby1jb3VsZC10YWtlLXllYXItbjExMTMxODbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMzE4Ng?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Trump Claims Credit For Drop In Cancer Deaths. No Way, Says American Cancer Society. - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS9lbnRyeS9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtZGVhdGgtcmF0ZS1hbWVyaWNhbi1jYW5jZXItc29jaWV0eV9uXzVlMTdkNzM0YzViNjUwYzYyMWRiZWI5YtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Selena Gomez and Kid Cudi Share New Song: Listen - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1hbmQta2lkLWN1ZGktc2hhcmUtbmV3LXNvbmctbGlzdGVuL9IBT2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1hbmQta2lkLWN1ZGktc2hhcmUtbmV3LXNvbmctbGlzdGVuL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

Brad Pitt credits Bradley Cooper with helping him get sober - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2JyYWQtcGl0dC1jcmVkaXRzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWhlbHBpbmctaGltLWdldC1zb2Jlci0xNzQxMjUyNzMuaHRtbNIBcWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYnJhZC1waXR0LWNyZWRpdHMtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItaGVscGluZy1oaW0tZ2V0LXNvYmVyLTE3NDEyNTI3My5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

2020 Olympics: International Olympic Committee bans political protests by athletes at 2020 Tokyo games - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy1pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsLW9seW1waWMtY29tbWl0dGVlLWJhbnMtcG9saXRpY2FsLXByb3Rlc3RzLWF0aGxldGVzLXRva3lvLWdhbWVzL9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtb2x5bXBpY3MtaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC1vbHltcGljLWNvbW1pdHRlZS1iYW5zLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1wcm90ZXN0cy1hdGhsZXRlcy10b2t5by1nYW1lcy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Brad Pitt thanks Bradley Cooper for helping him get sober - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9icmFkLXBpdHQtdGhhbmtzLWJyYWRsZXktY29vcGVyLWZvci1oZWxwaW5nLWhpbS1nZXQtc29iZXIv0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9wYWdlc2l4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JyYWQtcGl0dC10aGFua3MtYnJhZGxleS1jb29wZXItZm9yLWhlbHBpbmctaGltLWdldC1zb2Jlci9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Newlyweds died together in the plane crash in Iran a week after their wedding - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hbWVyaWNhcy9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXZpY3RpbXMtbmV3bHl3ZWRzLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYW1lcmljYXMvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC12aWN0aW1zLW5ld2x5d2Vkcy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

George Conway group releases first anti-Trump ad aimed at evangelicals | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NDkyLWdlb3JnZS1jb253YXktZ3JvdXAtcmVsZWFzZXMtZmlyc3QtYW50aS10cnVtcC1hZC1haW1lZC1hdC1ldmFuZ2VsaWNhbHPSAXdodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2NhbXBhaWduLzQ3NzQ5Mi1nZW9yZ2UtY29ud2F5LWdyb3VwLXJlbGVhc2VzLWZpcnN0LWFudGktdHJ1bXAtYWQtYWltZWQtYXQtZXZhbmdlbGljYWxzP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Two dead after helicopter crashed in backyard of Pennsylvania home - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9oZWxpY29wdGVyLWNyYXNoLXBlbm5zeWx2YW5pYS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9oZWxpY29wdGVyLWNyYXNoLXBlbm5zeWx2YW5pYS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Olympics 2020: IOC bans political protests such as Colin Kaepernick’s kneeling, Tommie Smith’s raised fist - NJ.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uai5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvb2x5bXBpY3MtMjAyMC1pb2MtYW5ub3VuY2VzLXBvbGl0aWNhbC1wcm90ZXN0cy1zdWNoLWFzLWtuZWVsaW5nLXJhaXNlZC1maXN0cy13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1hbGxvd2VkLmh0bWzSAZYBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmouY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwLzAxL29seW1waWNzLTIwMjAtaW9jLWFubm91bmNlcy1wb2xpdGljYWwtcHJvdGVzdHMtc3VjaC1hcy1rbmVlbGluZy1yYWlzZWQtZmlzdHMtd2lsbC1ub3QtYmUtYWxsb3dlZC5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.nj.com

2020 NFL Playoff Bracket Projection: Vikings stun 49ers before falling to Chiefs in Super Bowl LIV - CBSSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtYnJhY2tldC1wcm9qZWN0aW9uLXZpa2luZ3Mtc3R1bi00OWVycy1iZWZvcmUtZmFsbGluZy10by1jaGllZnMtaW4tc3VwZXItYm93bC1saXYv0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvMjAyMC1uZmwtcGxheW9mZi1icmFja2V0LXByb2plY3Rpb24tdmlraW5ncy1zdHVuLTQ5ZXJzLWJlZm9yZS1mYWxsaW5nLXRvLWNoaWVmcy1pbi1zdXBlci1ib3dsLWxpdi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Trump, at Ohio rally, says Democrats would have leaked Soleimani attack plans - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLXRvbGVkby1vaGlvLXJhbGx5LWlyYW4taW1wZWFjaG1lbnTSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC10b2xlZG8tb2hpby1yYWxseS1pcmFuLWltcGVhY2htZW50LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

U.S. military eyes adjustments after Iran surprises with attack in Iraq: official - Reuters.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYXEtc2VjdXJpdHktdXNhLW1pbGl0YXJ5L3VzLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWV5ZXMtYWRqdXN0bWVudHMtYWZ0ZXItaXJhbi1zdXJwcmlzZXMtd2l0aC1hdHRhY2staW4taXJhcS1vZmZpY2lhbC1pZFVTS0JOMVo4Mk1a0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaODJNWg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Watch live: Trump holds rally in Ohio | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vdmlkZW8vY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NjM0LXdhdGNoLWxpdmUtdHJ1bXAtaG9sZHMtbWFnYS1yYWxseS1pbi1vaGlv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS92aWRlby9jYW1wYWlnbi80Nzc2MzQtd2F0Y2gtbGl2ZS10cnVtcC1ob2xkcy1tYWdhLXJhbGx5LWluLW9oaW8_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Tokyo 2020 athletes will sleep on beds made from cardboard - Mashable
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vbWFzaGFibGUuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdG9reW8tMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy1jYXJkYm9hcmQtYmVkcy_SAUNodHRwczovL21hc2hhYmxlLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3Rva3lvLTIwMjAtb2x5bXBpY3MtY2FyZGJvYXJkLWJlZHMuYW1w?oc=5
https://mashable.com

Kirk Herbstreit apologizes to OSU fans about tweets following loss to Clemson - TigerNet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpZ2VybmV0LmNvbS91cGRhdGUvS2lyay1IZXJic3RyZWl0LWFwb2xvZ2l6ZXMtdG8tT1NVLWZhbnMtYWJvdXQtdHdlZXRzLWZvbGxvd2luZy1sb3NzLXRvLUNsZW1zb24tMzQ3NDLSAXdodHRwczovL3d3dy50aWdlcm5ldC5jb20vYW1wL3VwZGF0ZS9LaXJrLUhlcmJzdHJlaXQtYXBvbG9naXplcy10by1PU1UtZmFucy1hYm91dC10d2VldHMtZm9sbG93aW5nLWxvc3MtdG8tQ2xlbXNvbi0zNDc0Mg?oc=5
https://www.tigernet.com

Shutting down Donald Trump and dating women – why Kristen Stewart is an LGBTQ+ icon - South China Morning Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNjbXAuY29tL21hZ2F6aW5lcy9zdHlsZS9jZWxlYnJpdHkvYXJ0aWNsZS8zMDQ1Mzk1L2hvdy1kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtaGVscGVkLW1ha2Uta3Jpc3Rlbi1zdGV3YXJ0LWxnYnRxLWljb27SAXZodHRwczovL2FtcC5zY21wLmNvbS9tYWdhemluZXMvc3R5bGUvY2VsZWJyaXR5L2FydGljbGUvMzA0NTM5NS9ob3ctZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLWhlbHBlZC1tYWtlLWtyaXN0ZW4tc3Rld2FydC1sZ2J0cS1pY29u?oc=5
https://www.scmp.com

U.S. job growth seen slowing in December after robust gains - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXkvdS1zLWpvYi1ncm93dGgtc2Vlbi1zbG93aW5nLWluLWRlY2VtYmVyLWFmdGVyLXJvYnVzdC1nYWlucy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MEU20gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBFNg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

'Underwater' Review: Kristen Stewart Sinks Along With Everyone Else In This Blatant 'Alien' Pretender - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tL3ZpZGVvL3VuZGVyd2F0ZXItcmV2aWV3LWtyaXN0ZW4tc3Rld2FydC1kaXNuZXktZm94LXQtai1taWxsZXItdmluY2VudC1jYXNzZWwv0gEA?oc=5
https://deadline.com

The Olympics’ new outright ban on kneeling or protesting, explained - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1ODMyNy9vbHltcGljcy0yMDIwLXByb3Rlc3QtYmFuLWd1aWRlbGluZXMtcnVsZXMtZXhwbGFpbmVkLWlvY9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTgzMjcvb2x5bXBpY3MtMjAyMC1wcm90ZXN0LWJhbi1ndWlkZWxpbmVzLXJ1bGVzLWV4cGxhaW5lZC1pb2M?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

On kangaroo killing field, from horror to hope for Australian animals devastated by wildfires - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWFuaW1hbHMtbWFsbGFjb290YS1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWFuaW1hbHMtbWFsbGFjb290YS1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The derivative Alien gloss Underwater comes close to the platonic ideal of a January release - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vZmlsbS5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3RoZS1kZXJpdmF0aXZlLWFsaWVuLWdsb3NzLXVuZGVyd2F0ZXItY29tZXMtY2xvc2UtdG8tdGgtMTg0MDg5MDA5MdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vZmlsbS5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3RoZS1kZXJpdmF0aXZlLWFsaWVuLWdsb3NzLXVuZGVyd2F0ZXItY29tZXMtY2xvc2UtdG8tdGgtMTg0MDg5MDA5MS9hbXA?oc=5
https://film.avclub.com

Trump says US will hit Iran with 'punishing economic sanctions' after attacks on Iraqi bases - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdHJ1bXAtc2F5cy11cy13aWxsLWhpdC1pcmFuLXdpdGgtbmV3LXNhbmN0aW9ucy1hZnRlci1hdHRhY2tzLW9uLWlyYXFpLWJhc2VzLmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOC90cnVtcC1zYXlzLXVzLXdpbGwtaGl0LWlyYW4td2l0aC1uZXctc2FuY3Rpb25zLWFmdGVyLWF0dGFja3Mtb24taXJhcWktYmFzZXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

‘Incredibly damning’ Boeing messages show employee unease on 737 Max - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvaW5jcmVkaWJseS1kYW1uaW5nLWJvZWluZy1tZXNzYWdlcy1zaG93LWVtcGxveWVlLXVuZWFzZS1vbi03MzctbWF40gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGF0aW1lcy5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3Mvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9pbmNyZWRpYmx5LWRhbW5pbmctYm9laW5nLW1lc3NhZ2VzLXNob3ctZW1wbG95ZWUtdW5lYXNlLW9uLTczNy1tYXg_X2FtcD10cnVl?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Royal pain: UK monarchy scrambles after Harry, Meghan bombshell - The Times of Israel
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpbWVzb2Zpc3JhZWwuY29tL3JveWFsLXBhaW4tdWstbW9uYXJjaHktc2NyYW1ibGVzLWFmdGVyLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1ib21ic2hlbGwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.timesofisrael.com

Apple Stole Tech for Watch, Masimo Claims in Patent Suit - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTA5L2FwcGxlLXN1ZWQtYnktbWFzaW1vLW92ZXItcGF0ZW50cy1mb3Itd2F0Y2gtdGVjaG5vbG9nedIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9hcHBsZS1zdWVkLWJ5LW1hc2ltby1vdmVyLXBhdGVudHMtZm9yLXdhdGNoLXRlY2hub2xvZ3k?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Samsung Galaxy Bloom name confirmed for incoming foldable flagship - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWJsb29tLTEwNzM2NDgv0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kcm9pZGF1dGhvcml0eS5jb20vc2Ftc3VuZy1nYWxheHktYmxvb20tMTA3MzY0OC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Trump's New National Security Team Made Fast Work of Iran Strike - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdHJ1bXBzLW5ldy1uYXRpb25hbC1zZWN1cml0eS10ZWFtLW1hZGUtZmFzdC13b3JrLW9mLWlyYW4tc3RyaWtlLTExNTc4NjE5MTk10gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

The 8 Coolest Things We Saw at CES 2020 - IGN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9STNWbFlKQWVELTjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Stephen A. urges Josh McDaniels not to be afraid to the leave the Patriots | First Take - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9N3QzVXpjUGFqQ3fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dem congressman Max Rose slams Pelosi's War Powers Resolution: 'Congress is not a rapid-response PR agency' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21heC1yb3NlLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi10cnVtcNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21heC1yb3NlLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi10cnVtcC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Boeing releases flood of troubling internal documents related to 737 Max - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctZG9jdW1lbnRzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2J1c2luZXNzL2JvZWluZy1kb2N1bWVudHMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

In 1988, a US Navy warship shot down an Iranian passenger plane in the heat of battle - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tYWlyLWZsaWdodC02NTUtdXMtbWlsaXRhcnktaW50bC1obmsvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLWFpci1mbGlnaHQtNjU1LXVzLW1pbGl0YXJ5LWludGwtaG5rL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

President Donald Trump Comments On Plane Crash In Iran: 'I Have My Suspicions' | NBC News - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U055cUtWdXc3bFHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Photos show exhausted Australian firefighters on break from battling bushfires - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9hdXN0cmFsaWFuLWZpcmVmaWdodGVycy10YWtpbmctYnJlYWstYnVzaGZpcmVzLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhbi1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtdGFraW5nLWJyZWFrLWJ1c2hmaXJlcy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Best Tech from the CES Show Floor! (CES 2020 Wrap Up) - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MHQ4bFJJak1JSEHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Oprah Winfrey advised Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Megxit - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1hZHZpc2VkLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1vbi1tZWd4aXTSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L29wcmFoLXdpbmZyZXktYWR2aXNlZC1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktYW5kLW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtb24tbWVneGl0LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Impeachment impasse shows Pelosi's power - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2ktZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXBvd2VyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL25hbmN5LXBlbG9zaS1kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcG93ZXIvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Beds at Tokyo Athletes Village in 2020 Olympics will be made from recyclable cardboard - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vb2x5bXBpY3MvbmV3cy9iZWRzLWF0LXRva3lvLWF0aGxldGVzLXZpbGxhZ2UtaW4tMjAyMC1vbHltcGljcy13aWxsLWJlLW1hZGUtZnJvbS1yZWN5Y2xhYmxlLWNhcmRib2FyZC_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9vbHltcGljcy9uZXdzL2JlZHMtYXQtdG9reW8tYXRobGV0ZXMtdmlsbGFnZS1pbi0yMDIwLW9seW1waWNzLXdpbGwtYmUtbWFkZS1mcm9tLXJlY3ljbGFibGUtY2FyZGJvYXJkL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Watch Live: Trump to address the nation after Iranian missile attack - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9d3N6aWtCZnpjMHfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The best new smartphones we saw at CES 2020 - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL2Jlc3Qtc21hcnRwaG9uZXMtY2VzLTIwMjAtMTA3MzIwNC_SAUdodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmRyb2lkYXV0aG9yaXR5LmNvbS9iZXN0LXNtYXJ0cGhvbmVzLWNlcy0yMDIwLTEwNzMyMDQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Amash says 'I do think' Trump abused his power with Soleimani strike - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9hbWFzaC10cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktY25udHYv0gFSaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9hbWFzaC10cnVtcC1zb2xlaW1hbmktY25udHYvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Lime pulls its scooters from a dozen cities - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvbGltZS1zaHV0dGVycy1pbi0xMi1tYXJrZXRzL9IBQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9saW1lLXNodXR0ZXJzLWluLTEyLW1hcmtldHMv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

CES 2020 day 4 recap: The 10 biggest stories of tech's hottest show - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvbXNndWlkZS5jb20vbmV3cy9jZXMtMjAyMC1kYXktNC1yZWNhcC10aGUtMTAtYmlnZ2VzdC1zdG9yaWVzLW9mLXRlY2hzLWhvdHRlc3Qtc2hvd9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvbXNndWlkZS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtZGF5LTQtcmVjYXAtdGhlLTEwLWJpZ2dlc3Qtc3Rvcmllcy1vZi10ZWNocy1ob3R0ZXN0LXNob3c?oc=5
https://www.tomsguide.com

Third body found after Idaho ski area avalanche; no more missing known - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy90aGlyZC1ib2R5LWZvdW5kLWFmdGVyLWlkYWhvLWF2YWxhbmNoZS1uMTExMzMyNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMzI2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

UFC 246 Fighter Flashback: Conor McGregor's bold message after first Cage Warriors win - MMA Junkie
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vbW1hanVua2llLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL3VmYy0yNDYtZmlnaHRlci1mbGFzaGJhY2stY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItY2FnZS13YXJyaW9ycy1kZWJ1dC1pbnRlcnZpZXfSAXFodHRwczovL21tYWp1bmtpZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS91ZmMtMjQ2LWZpZ2h0ZXItZmxhc2hiYWNrLWNvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLWNhZ2Utd2FycmlvcnMtZGVidXQtaW50ZXJ2aWV3L2FtcA?oc=5
https://mmajunkie.usatoday.com

Apple accused of stealing Masimo trade secrets for Apple Watch health features - 9to5Mac
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vOXRvNW1hYy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcHBsZS1tYXNpbW8tYXBwbGUtd2F0Y2gtbGF3c3VpdC_SAURodHRwczovLzl0bzVtYWMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYXBwbGUtbWFzaW1vLWFwcGxlLXdhdGNoLWxhd3N1aXQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://9to5mac.com

A college student in Boston was diagnosed with measles. Health officials say many people may have been exposed - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvbm9ydGhlYXN0ZXJuLXVuaXZlcnNpdHktbWVhc2xlcy1zdHVkZW50L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hlYWx0aC9ub3J0aGVhc3Rlcm4tdW5pdmVyc2l0eS1tZWFzbGVzLXN0dWRlbnQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

How Iran Could Have Mistakenly Shot Down A 737 Airliner - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2plcmVteWJvZ2Fpc2t5LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaG93LWlyYW5pYW4tYWlyLWRlZmVuc2UtZm9yY2VzLWNvdWxkLWhhdmUtbWlzdGFrZW4tYS03MzctZm9yLWEtbWlsaXRhcnktdGhyZWF0L9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2plcmVteWJvZ2Fpc2t5LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaG93LWlyYW5pYW4tYWlyLWRlZmVuc2UtZm9yY2VzLWNvdWxkLWhhdmUtbWlzdGFrZW4tYS03MzctZm9yLWEtbWlsaXRhcnktdGhyZWF0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Trump addresses the nation following Iran's missile strikes on US forces in Iraq | ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bnhJUXBBLVE0dFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Republican Mike Lee furious after Iran strike briefing from White House - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SG9PcWJ4RWppNWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

House votes to limit Trump's ability to act against Iran - CBS Evening News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cWxVaXFHSi1PeGvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Sen. Lee 'Insulted' After 'Worst Briefing' On Iran Conflict By Trump Administration | NBC News - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UTZRMzhCUXk3dDjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

UK economy, not Brexit, will drive the pound in 2020, analysts say - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdWstZWNvbm9teS1ub3QtYnJleGl0LXdpbGwtZHJpdmUtdGhlLXBvdW5kLWluLTIwMjAtYW5hbHlzdHMtc2F5Lmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91ay1lY29ub215LW5vdC1icmV4aXQtd2lsbC1kcml2ZS10aGUtcG91bmQtaW4tMjAyMC1hbmFseXN0cy1zYXkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Internal Boeing messages show disdain for regulators, 'clowns' who designed troubled 737 Max jet - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hbC1ib2VpbmctbWVzc2FnZXMtc2hvdy1kaXNkYWluLXJlZ3VsYXRvcnMtY2xvd25zLXdoby1kZXNpZ25lZC10cm91YmxlZC1uMTExMzM2MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMzYx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Hackers Cripple Airport Currency Exchanges, Seeking $6 Million Ransom - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvdHJhdmVsZXgtaGFjay1yYW5zb213YXJlLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2J1c2luZXNzL3RyYXZlbGV4LWhhY2stcmFuc29td2FyZS5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Asian markets rise as investors shift attention from US-Iran conflict - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYXNpYW4tbWFya2V0LWxhdGVzdC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYXNpYW4tbWFya2V0LWxhdGVzdC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Lebanon slaps travel ban on Ghosn - Aljazeera.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYWppbXBhY3QvbGViYW5vbi1zbGFwcy10cmF2ZWwtYmFuLWdob3NuLTIwMDEwOTE1MTQ0NjM0MC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWxqYXplZXJhLmNvbS9hbXAvYWppbXBhY3QvbGViYW5vbi1zbGFwcy10cmF2ZWwtYmFuLWdob3NuLTIwMDEwOTE1MTQ0NjM0MC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Selena Gomez Surprises Fans With 'Rare' Music Video Hours After Album Release - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbXVzaWMtdmlkZW8uaHRtbC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Five Key Matchups: 49ers vs. Vikings in the NFC Divisional Round - 49ers.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjQ5ZXJzLmNvbS9uZXdzLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mta2V5LW1hdGNodXBzLW5mYy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLW5mbC1wbGF5b2Zmc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.49ers.com

Internal Boeing Documents Show Cavalier Attitude to Safety - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvaW50ZXJuYWwtYm9laW5nLWRvY3VtZW50cy1zaG93LWNhdmFsaWVyLWF0dGl0dWRlLXRvLXNhZmV0eS0xMTU3ODYyNzIwNtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Watch Drake and Future’s Video for New Song “Life Is Good” - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dhdGNoLWRyYWtlLWFuZC1mdXR1cmVzLXZpZGVvLWZvci1uZXctc29uZy1saWZlLWlzLWdvb2Qv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9waXRjaGZvcmsuY29tL25ld3Mvd2F0Y2gtZHJha2UtYW5kLWZ1dHVyZXMtdmlkZW8tZm9yLW5ldy1zb25nLWxpZmUtaXMtZ29vZC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

Saturday divisional round previews: Vikings vs. 49ers and Titans vs. Ravens - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9zYXR1cmRheS1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLXByZXZpZXdzLXZpa2luZ3MtdnMtNDktZXJzLWFuZC10aXRhbnMtdnMtcmF2ZW5zLTIwMjkwODA3MS5odG1s0gF5aHR0cHM6Ly9zcG9ydHMueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvc2F0dXJkYXktZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1wcmV2aWV3cy12aWtpbmdzLXZzLTQ5LWVycy1hbmQtdGl0YW5zLXZzLXJhdmVucy0yMDI5MDgwNzEuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Watch President Trump's speech after Iran's strike - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NVBFeVBlei01SDjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Doom and Doom II for Android get WAD support, 60FPS mode, and more - Android Police
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRwb2xpY2UuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZG9vbS1hbmQtZG9vbS1paS1mb3ItYW5kcm9pZC1nZXQtd2FkLXN1cHBvcnQtNjBmcHMtbW9kZS1hbmQtbW9yZS_SAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmRyb2lkcG9saWNlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Rvb20tYW5kLWRvb20taWktZm9yLWFuZHJvaWQtZ2V0LXdhZC1zdXBwb3J0LTYwZnBzLW1vZGUtYW5kLW1vcmUvP2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.androidpolice.com

Rep. Adam Smith mocked for flip-flop on Pelosi strategy; Trump Jr. cites ‘BS’ from Dems’ ‘lunatic fringe’ - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9yZXAtYWRhbS1zbWl0aC1tb2NrZWQtZm9yLWZsaXAtZmxvcC1vbi1wZWxvc2ktc3RyYXRlZ3ktdHJ1bXAtanItY2l0ZXMtYnMtZnJvbS1kZW1zLWx1bmF0aWMtZnJpbmdl0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3JlcC1hZGFtLXNtaXRoLW1vY2tlZC1mb3ItZmxpcC1mbG9wLW9uLXBlbG9zaS1zdHJhdGVneS10cnVtcC1qci1jaXRlcy1icy1mcm9tLWRlbXMtbHVuYXRpYy1mcmluZ2UuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Trump administration moves to change landmark environmental law l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eE5VNTluanRaMDDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Hoaxers are using the Australia wildfires to spread misinformation — sometimes for profit - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vdGVjaG5vbG9neS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2hvYXhlcnMtYXJlLXVzaW5nLWF1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMtc3ByZWFkLW1pc2luZm9ybWF0aW9uLXNvbWV0aW1lcy1wcm9maXQv0gGRAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS90ZWNobm9sb2d5LzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvaG9heGVycy1hcmUtdXNpbmctYXVzdHJhbGlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy1zcHJlYWQtbWlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tc29tZXRpbWVzLXByb2ZpdC8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

R. Kelly's girlfriend Joycelyn Savage faces domestic battery charge after a fight at his apartment - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2Utci1rZWxseS1maWdodC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS91cy9qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2Utci1rZWxseS1maWdodC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump went off at a rally after the House passed War Powers Resolution in a sharp rebuke over Iran strike - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdHJ1bXAtd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtcmVzcG9uZC1ob3VzZS13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24taXJhbi1zdHJpa2UtMjAyMC0x0gFoaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS90cnVtcC13aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1yZXNwb25kLWhvdXNlLXdhci1wb3dlcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi1pcmFuLXN0cmlrZS0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

President Trump rallies supporters in Ohio - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9RWNaZFdzSGpGZ03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fires Threaten Australian Towns That Have Already Burned Once - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhL2ZpcmVzLXZpY3RvcmlhLW5ldy1zb3V0aC13YWxlcy5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvZmlyZXMtdmljdG9yaWEtbmV3LXNvdXRoLXdhbGVzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

'Jedi mind tricks': Boeing 737 Max emails show attempts to manipulate airlines, FAA - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbi8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2JvZWluZy03MzctbWF4LXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWZhYS1lbWFpbHMtamVkaS1taW5kLXRyaWNrcy80NDI4NzIwMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyODcyMDAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Asia markets broadly higher as shares of Apple suppliers jump - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXNpYS1zdG9ja3MtMjAwMTEwLWFwcGxlLXN1cHBsaWVycy1pbi1hc2lhLWVhcm5pbmdzLW9pbC1hbmQtY3VycmVuY2llcy5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXNpYS1zdG9ja3MtMjAwMTEwLWFwcGxlLXN1cHBsaWVycy1pbi1hc2lhLWVhcm5pbmdzLW9pbC1hbmQtY3VycmVuY2llcy5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Carlos Ghosn's 'Pink' Mansion Is Not Pink Enough - Jalopnik
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vamFsb3BuaWsuY29tL2Nhcmxvcy1naG9zbnMtcGluay1tYW5zaW9uLWlzLW5vdC1waW5rLWVub3VnaC0xODQwOTA1Nzcy0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9qYWxvcG5pay5jb20vY2FybG9zLWdob3Nucy1waW5rLW1hbnNpb24taXMtbm90LXBpbmstZW5vdWdoLTE4NDA5MDU3NzIvYW1w?oc=5
https://jalopnik.com

Doom’s classic re-releases now run at 60fps and support free add-ons - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk2OTEvZG9vbXMtY2xhc3NpYy1yZS1yZWxlYXNlcy1ub3ctcnVuLWF0LTYwZnBzLWFuZC1zdXBwb3J0LWZyZWUtYWRkLW9uc9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NjkxL2Rvb21zLWNsYXNzaWMtcmUtcmVsZWFzZXMtbm93LXJ1bi1hdC02MGZwcy1hbmQtc3VwcG9ydC1mcmVlLWFkZC1vbnM?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Scott Derrickson No Longer Directing 'Doctor Strange: In the Multiverse of Madness' - Bloody Disgusting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vYmxvb2R5LWRpc2d1c3RpbmcuY29tL21vdmllLzM2MDAxNTUvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1uby1sb25nZXItZGlyZWN0aW5nLWRvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLW11bHRpdmVyc2UtbWFkbmVzcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://bloody-disgusting.com

R. Kelly's GF Azriel Wants to Help Feds But Fears Legal Consequences - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yLWtlbGx5LWdmLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS13b3JyaWVkLWhlbHAtZmVkLWxpZWQtZmlnaHQtam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlL9IBY2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yLWtlbGx5LWdmLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS13b3JyaWVkLWhlbHAtZmVkLWxpZWQtZmlnaHQtam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Iranian official says reports that missiles downed Ukrainian passenger plane 'a big lie' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtaW50bC1obmsvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWludGwtaG5rL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

5 matchups that will define Vikings-49ers - SKOR North
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNrb3Jub3J0aC5jb20vdmlraW5ncy0yLzIwMjAvMDEvNS1tYXRjaHVwcy10aGF0LXdpbGwtZGVmaW5lLXZpa2luZ3MtNDllcnMv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.skornorth.com

Documents show Boeing concealed 737 Max problems from FAA: report | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L3RyYW5zcG9ydGF0aW9uL2F2aWF0aW9uLzQ3NzY0My1uZXctZG9jdW1lbnRzLXNob3ctYm9laW5nLWNvbmNlYWxlZC1tYXgtNzM3LXByb2JsZW1zLWZyb20tZmFh0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9wb2xpY3kvdHJhbnNwb3J0YXRpb24vYXZpYXRpb24vNDc3NjQzLW5ldy1kb2N1bWVudHMtc2hvdy1ib2VpbmctY29uY2VhbGVkLW1heC03MzctcHJvYmxlbXMtZnJvbS1mYWE_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

December jobs, wage growth and business inventories: 3 things to watch for on Friday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvb3V0bG9vay1mb3ItZnJpZGF5LWRlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtd2FnZS1ncm93dGgtYnVzaW5lc3MtaW52ZW50b3JpZXMuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L291dGxvb2stZm9yLWZyaWRheS1kZWNlbWJlci1qb2JzLXdhZ2UtZ3Jvd3RoLWJ1c2luZXNzLWludmVudG9yaWVzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Internal Boeing emails between employees reveal safety concerns: NYT - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaW50ZXJuYWwtYm9laW5nLWVtYWlscy1iZXR3ZWVuLWVtcGxveWVlcy1yZXZlYWwtc2FmZXR5LWNvbmNlcm5zLW55dC0yMDIwLTHSAWpodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2ludGVybmFsLWJvZWluZy1lbWFpbHMtYmV0d2Vlbi1lbXBsb3llZXMtcmV2ZWFsLXNhZmV0eS1jb25jZXJucy1ueXQtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Wolf moon eclipse kicks off the first of 13 full moons in 2020 - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlLWphbnVhcnktMjAyMC1zY24tdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlLWphbnVhcnktMjAyMC1zY24tdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tc24uY29tL2VuLXVzL25ld3MvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9vcmlnaW4tb2YtbXlzdGVyeS1odW1taW5nLW5vaXNlcy1oZWFyZC1hcm91bmQtdGhlLXdvcmxkLXVuY292ZXJlZC9hci1CQllOMm9ZP2xpPUJCbmI3S3rSAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Prince Harry and Meghan say they want financial independence - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bHVCN3dMOXV3Z0XSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy90ZWNobm9sb2d5L29yaWdpbi1vZi1teXN0ZXJ5LWh1bW1pbmctbm9pc2VzLWhlYXJkLWFyb3VuZC10aGUtd29ybGQtdW5jb3ZlcmVkL2FyLUJCWU4yb1nSAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Trump announces plan to acquire a book – about himself - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzA5L2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1ib29rLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtaGVyb9IBVGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzA5L2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1ib29rLWVudmlyb25tZW50YWwtaGVybw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

NFL Divisional Weekend best bets against the spread - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtd2Vla2VuZC1iZXN0LWJldHMtYWdhaW5zdC10aGUtc3ByZWFkLTIwMjAtMdIBWmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vbmZsLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtd2Vla2VuZC1iZXN0LWJldHMtYWdhaW5zdC10aGUtc3ByZWFkLTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Ukraine President Presses Allies for Evidence on Plane Crash in Iran - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Vikings final injury report: Jayron Kearse doubtful, Adam Thielen questionable - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvOS8yMTA1OTU0MS9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1maW5hbC1pbmp1cnktcmVwb3J0LWpheXJvbi1rZWFyc2UtZG91YnRmdWwtYWRhbS10aGllbGVuLXF1ZXN0aW9uYWJsZdIBkwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTk1NDEvbWlubmVzb3RhLXZpa2luZ3MtZmluYWwtaW5qdXJ5LXJlcG9ydC1qYXlyb24ta2VhcnNlLWRvdWJ0ZnVsLWFkYW0tdGhpZWxlbi1xdWVzdGlvbmFibGU?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Australian rescue group helps animals pushed out of their habitats by fires - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9czlodlNWWnN6dzjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy90ZWNobm9sb2d5L29yaWdpbi1vZi1teXN0ZXJ5LWh1bW1pbmctbm9pc2VzLWhlYXJkLWFyb3VuZC10aGUtd29ybGQtdW5jb3ZlcmVkL2FyLUJCWU4yb1k_cGZyPTHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Taco Bell to start offering $100,000 salary jobs - WTKR News 3
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3Rrci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90YWNvLWJlbGwtdG8tc3RhcnQtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1qb2JzLXRtdy_SAVNodHRwczovL3d0a3IuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy10bXcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://wtkr.com

Damning Boeing Employee Messages Say Max ‘Designed by Clowns’ - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwLy1pbmNyZWRpYmx5LWRhbW5pbmctYm9laW5nLW1lc3NhZ2VzLXNob3ctZW1wbG95ZWUtdW5lYXNlLW9uLW1heNIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC8taW5jcmVkaWJseS1kYW1uaW5nLWJvZWluZy1tZXNzYWdlcy1zaG93LWVtcGxveWVlLXVuZWFzZS1vbi1tYXg?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Will Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Pursue Hollywood Deals After ‘Step Back’ From Royal Duties? - TheWrap
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXdyYXAuY29tL21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWhvbGx5d29vZC1kZWFscy1hZnRlci1yb3lhbC1kdXRpZXMv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhld3JhcC5jb20vbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktaG9sbHl3b29kLWRlYWxzLWFmdGVyLXJveWFsLWR1dGllcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.thewrap.com

Tensions with Trump over Iran expose concerns about the role of Congress in making war - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiuQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvdGVuc2lvbnMtd2l0aC10cnVtcC1vdmVyLWlyYW4tZXhwb3NlLWNvbmNlcm5zLWFib3V0LXRoZS1yb2xlLW9mLWNvbmdyZXNzLWluLW1ha2luZy13YXIvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9jYWJjODVhYy0zMmY1LTExZWEtYTA1My1kYzZkOTQ0YmE3NzZfc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

US-Iran tensions after Soleimani killing: All the latest updates - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2Nsb25lb2ZpcmFuLXRlbnNpb25zLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1raWxsaW5nLWxhdGVzdC11cC0yMDAxMTAwMzQ3Mzc4NDMuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9jbG9uZW9maXJhbi10ZW5zaW9ucy1zb2xlaW1hbmkta2lsbGluZy1sYXRlc3QtdXAtMjAwMTEwMDM0NzM3ODQzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Trump impeachment: Pelosi says 'I know exactly when' to send articles to Senate – live - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzL2xpdmUvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWRlbW9jcmF0cy11cy1wb2xpdGljcy1saXZlLW5ld3MtdXBkYXRlc9IBe2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzL2xpdmUvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWRlbW9jcmF0cy11cy1wb2xpdGljcy1saXZlLW5ld3MtdXBkYXRlcw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Is This The Real Reason Behind Bitcoin’s $20 Billion Rally? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYmlsbHliYW1icm91Z2gvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9mb3JnZXQtaXJhbi1pcy10aGlzLXRoZS1yZWFsLXJlYXNvbi1iaXRjb2luLXN1cmdlZC10aGlzLXdlZWsv0gF4aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9iaWxseWJhbWJyb3VnaC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2ZvcmdldC1pcmFuLWlzLXRoaXMtdGhlLXJlYWwtcmVhc29uLWJpdGNvaW4tc3VyZ2VkLXRoaXMtd2Vlay9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Selena Gomez Reveals Why She ‘Will Not Be Doing Videos’ That Are Overtly Sexual ‘Anymore’ - Hollywood Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vaG9sbHl3b29kbGlmZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zZWxlbmEtZ29tZXotbm90LWRvaW5nLXNleHVhbC1tdXNpYy12aWRlb3MtdW5uZWNlc3Nhcnkv0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9ob2xseXdvb2RsaWZlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1ub3QtZG9pbmctc2V4dWFsLW11c2ljLXZpZGVvcy11bm5lY2Vzc2FyeS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://hollywoodlife.com

U.S. vaping-related deaths rise to 57, cases of illness to 2,602 - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9uZXdzL3UtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGhzLXJpc2UtMTkwOTAzMDUwLmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL25ld3MueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvdS12YXBpbmctcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aHMtcmlzZS0xOTA5MDMwNTAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trump faces uphill battle on Iran deal after losing Boris Johnson - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vbmV3cy90cnVtcC1mYWNlcy11cGhpbGwtYmF0dGxlLW9uLWlyYW4tZGVhbC1hZnRlci1sb3NpbmctYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Donald Trump calls on Britain to reject Iran nuclear deal - The Telegraph
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NHRhMUUyYXA4aFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

How SpaceX Starlink works: price, launch date for Elon Musk's internet - Inverse
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmludmVyc2UuY29tL2FydGljbGUvNjIxODUtaGVyZS1zLWhvdy15b3Utd2lsbC1jb25uZWN0LXRvLXN0YXJsaW5rLXNwYWNleC1zLWludGVybmV0LWNvbnN0ZWxsYXRpb27SAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlcnNlLmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS82MjE4NS1oZXJlLXMtaG93LXlvdS13aWxsLWNvbm5lY3QtdG8tc3Rhcmxpbmstc3BhY2V4LXMtaW50ZXJuZXQtY29uc3RlbGxhdGlvbg?oc=5
https://www.inverse.com

Inside the US Navy's mistaken shooting of Iran Air Flight 655 in 1988, which killed 290 people - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaXJhbi1haXItZmxpZ2h0LTY1NS11cy1uYXZ5LXNob3QtZG93bi0xOTg4LXBob3Rvcy0yMDIwLTHSAVhodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2lyYW4tYWlyLWZsaWdodC02NTUtdXMtbmF2eS1zaG90LWRvd24tMTk4OC1waG90b3MtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

'We Got on Gayle King as Stupid as Can Be': Azriel Clary Reveals She and Joycelyn Savage Lied for R. Kelly - The Root
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlZ3JhcGV2aW5lLnRoZXJvb3QuY29tL3dlLWdvdC1vbi1nYXlsZS1raW5nLWFzLXN0dXBpZC1hcy1jYW4tYmUtYXpyaWVsLWNsYXJ5LTE4NDA4OTYyMzHSAWVodHRwczovL3RoZWdyYXBldmluZS50aGVyb290LmNvbS93ZS1nb3Qtb24tZ2F5bGUta2luZy1hcy1zdHVwaWQtYXMtY2FuLWJlLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS0xODQwODk2MjMxL2FtcA?oc=5
https://thegrapevine.theroot.com

Drake and Future Drop New Song "Life Is Good": Listen - XXLMAG.COM
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnh4bG1hZy5jb20vcmFwLW11c2ljL25ldy1tdXNpYy8yMDIwLzAxL2RyYWtlLWZ1dHVyZS1saWZlLWlzLWdvb2Qtc29uZy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.xxlmag.com

Boeing and US safety board invited to join probe of Ukraine-bound plane crash, Iran officials say - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMtdG8tam9pbi1wcm9iZS1vZi11a3JhaW5lLWJvdW5kLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW5pYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtc2F5cy5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdXMtdG8tam9pbi1wcm9iZS1vZi11a3JhaW5lLWJvdW5kLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW5pYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtc2F5cy5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

This Is The 'Unladylike' Habit Meghan Markle Always Wanted to Quit - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvdGhpcy1pcy10aGUtdW5sYWR5bGlrZS1oYWJpdC1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWFsd2F5cy13YW50ZWQtdG8tcXVpdC5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

U.S. to join probe of Ukrainian jet disaster that killed 176 - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGlvbi91LXMtdG8tam9pbi1wcm9iZS1vZi1qZXQtZGlzYXN0ZXItbm8tbWlzc2lsZS1saW5rLWlyYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtaWRVU0tCTjFaODJTRdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjgyU0U?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

US killing of Qasem Soleimani is good news for IS jihadists - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTAyMTg2MdIBN2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtNTEwMjE4NjE?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Authorities are looking for a bank robber they call the 'Bad Wig Bandit' - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9iYWQtd2lnLWJhbmRpdC1yb2JiZXJ5LW5jLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvYmFkLXdpZy1iYW5kaXQtcm9iYmVyeS1uYy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump Calls Off His War With Iran for Now to Aggressively Campaign on the Soleimani Hit - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3RydW1wLWNhbGxzLW9mZi1oaXMtd2FyLXdpdGgtaXJhbi1mb3Itbm93LXRvLWFnZ3Jlc3NpdmVseS1jYW1wYWlnbi1vbi10aGUtc29sZWltYW5pLWhpdNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Director Scott Derrickson Has Left Doctor Strange 2 - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1oYXMtbGVmdC1kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1zZXF1ZWwuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxL3Njb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24taGFzLWxlZnQtZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2Utc2VxdWVsLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle left young Archie in Canada - Daily Mail
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9uZXdzL2FydGljbGUtNzg3MDY3Ny9QcmluY2UtSGFycnktTWVnaGFuLU1hcmtsZS1sZWZ0LXlvdW5nLUFyY2hpZS1DYW5hZGEuaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9uZXdzL2FydGljbGUtNzg3MDY3Ny9hbXAvUHJpbmNlLUhhcnJ5LU1lZ2hhbi1NYXJrbGUtbGVmdC15b3VuZy1BcmNoaWUtQ2FuYWRhLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.dailymail.co.uk

Chicago Coyote: Urban Attacks Are Rare, but Frightening - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvc2NpZW5jZS9jaGljYWdvLWNveW90ZS1hdHRhY2tzLmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3NjaWVuY2UvY2hpY2Fnby1jb3lvdGUtYXR0YWNrcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Graham accuses Republicans dissenting on Iran of 'empowering the enemy' - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2dyYWhhbS1hY2N1c2VzLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLWRpc3NlbnRpbmctb24taXJhbi1vZi1lbXBvd2VyaW5nLXRoZS1lbmVteS_SAWhodHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9ncmFoYW0tYWNjdXNlcy1yZXB1YmxpY2Fucy1kaXNzZW50aW5nLW9uLWlyYW4tb2YtZW1wb3dlcmluZy10aGUtZW5lbXkvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Buttigieg receives his first endorsement from black member of Congress as he struggles to get black support - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9tYXJ5bGFuZC1jb25ncmVzc21hbi1hbnRob255LWJyb3duLWVuZG9yc2UtcGV0ZS1idXR0aWdpZWcvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyeWxhbmQtY29uZ3Jlc3NtYW4tYW50aG9ueS1icm93bi1lbmRvcnNlLXBldGUtYnV0dGlnaWVnL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Samsung's upcoming clamshell foldable phone will be called the Galaxy Bloom - Android Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRjZW50cmFsLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5ncy11cGNvbWluZy1jbGFtc2hlbGwtZm9sZGFibGUtcGhvbmUtd2lsbC1iZS1jYWxsZWQtZ2FsYXh5LWJsb29t0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kcm9pZGNlbnRyYWwuY29tL3NhbXN1bmdzLXVwY29taW5nLWNsYW1zaGVsbC1mb2xkYWJsZS1waG9uZS13aWxsLWJlLWNhbGxlZC1nYWxheHktYmxvb20_YW1w?oc=5
https://www.androidcentral.com

Iran got its revenge for Qasem Soleimani's killing but the US Navy is still a target - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc29sZWltYW5pLWRlYXRoLWlyYW4tcmV2ZW5nZS11LXMtbmF2eS10YXJnZXQvMjgyMjQ2MzAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4MjI0NjMwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Fed's Williams Says World Will Be Dealing With Low Interest Rates for a Long Time - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZmVkLXMtd2lsbGlhbXMtc2F5cy13b3JsZC13aWxsLWJlLWRlYWxpbmctd2l0aC1sb3ctaW50ZXJlc3QtcmF0ZXMtZm9yLWEtbG9uZy10aW1lLTExNTc4NTg3NDAw0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Harvey Weinstein judge won't step aside as jury selection resumes - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtYXNpZGUtanVyeS1zZWxlY3Rpb24tcmVzdW1lc9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtYXNpZGUtanVyeS1zZWxlY3Rpb24tcmVzdW1lcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

NASA's Astronaut Class for the 'Artemis' Age Graduates Friday. How to Watch Live. - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9uYXNhLWFydGVtaXMtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLWdyYWR1YXRpb24td2ViY2FzdC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc3BhY2UuY29tL2FtcC9uYXNhLWFydGVtaXMtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLWdyYWR1YXRpb24td2ViY2FzdC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Pompeo responds to John Kerry on Iran: 'It's a fantasy to think that the nuclear deal was good for the Unit... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcG9tcGVvLWpvaG4ta2VycnktaXJhbi1xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLW51Y2xlYXItZGVhbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21pa2UtcG9tcGVvLWpvaG4ta2VycnktaXJhbi1xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLW51Y2xlYXItZGVhbC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Tesla’s Elon Musk Teases Bitcoin Community With Tongue-In-Cheek Tweet - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYmlsbHliYW1icm91Z2gvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZXNsYXMtZWxvbi1tdXNrLXRlYXNlcy1iaXRjb2luLWNvbW11bml0eS13aXRoLXRvbmd1ZS1pbi1jaGVlay10d2VldC_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9iaWxseWJhbWJyb3VnaC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3Rlc2xhcy1lbG9uLW11c2stdGVhc2VzLWJpdGNvaW4tY29tbXVuaXR5LXdpdGgtdG9uZ3VlLWluLWNoZWVrLXR3ZWV0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Coyote caught on North Side Thursday evening, police say - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JyZWFraW5nL2N0LWNveW90ZS1jYXB0dXJlLTIwMjAwMTEwLTV1NW9zZGpxNGJlZHRobmhicWQ0NnVtM3l5LXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

The far out and futuristic cars of CES - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90ZWNoL2NvbmNlcHQtY2Fycy1hdC1jZXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdGVjaC9jb25jZXB0LWNhcnMtYXQtY2VzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What is Pete Buttigieg’s legacy as mayor of South Bend? - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvcGV0ZS1idXR0aWdpZWctbGVnYWN5LXNvdXRoLWJlbmTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Dogs are saving koalas in the Australia wildfires - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC9kb2dzLXNhdmluZy1rb2FsYXMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLXdpbGRmaXJlcy9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE3MDA0MNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vYW1wL0ludGVybmF0aW9uYWwvZG9ncy1zYXZpbmcta29hbGFzLWF1c3RyYWxpYS13aWxkZmlyZXMvc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNzAwNDA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

Democrats brace for round two of impeachment witness fight | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzYzMy1kZW1vY3JhdHMtYnJhY2UtZm9yLXJvdW5kLXR3by1vZi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC13aXRuZXNzLWZpZ2h00gFpaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9zZW5hdGUvNDc3NjMzLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1icmFjZS1mb3Itcm91bmQtdHdvLW9mLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXdpdG5lc3MtZmlnaHQ_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Blurry photo suggests Samsung’s next foldable is ‘Galaxy Bloom,’ S11 to become S20 - Circuit Breaker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9jaXJjdWl0YnJlYWtlci8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk3MTMvc2Ftc3VuZy1nYWxheHktZm9sZGFibGUtZm9sZC0yLXJ1bW9yLWxlYWstYmxvb20tczIwLXVsdHJh0gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvY2lyY3VpdGJyZWFrZXIvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzEzL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWZvbGRhYmxlLWZvbGQtMi1ydW1vci1sZWFrLWJsb29tLXMyMC11bHRyYQ?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Pokémon's journey to the DLC Region was a long time coming - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vZ2FtZXMuYXZjbHViLmNvbS9wb2tlbW9ucy1qb3VybmV5LXRvLXRoZS1kbGMtcmVnaW9uLXdhcy1hLWxvbmctdGltZS1jb21pLTE4NDA5MTI4OTDSAV9odHRwczovL2dhbWVzLmF2Y2x1Yi5jb20vcG9rZW1vbnMtam91cm5leS10by10aGUtZGxjLXJlZ2lvbi13YXMtYS1sb25nLXRpbWUtY29taS0xODQwOTEyODkwL2FtcA?oc=5
https://games.avclub.com

Alcohol-Related Deaths Have Doubled Since 1999, Here's Why - Healthline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhlYWx0aGxpbmUuY29tL2hlYWx0aC1uZXdzL2FsY29ob2wtcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aHMtZG91YmxlLWluLXR3by1kZWNhZGVz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.healthline.com

Plants found to speak roundworm's language - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNWh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLXJvdW5kd29ybS1sYW5ndWFnZS5odG1s0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtcm91bmR3b3JtLWxhbmd1YWdlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Mark Levin: 'Appalling' to watch lawmakers invoke 'unconstitutional' War Powers Act against Trump - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21hcmstbGV2aW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1hY3QtaXJhbi11bmNvbnN0aXR1dGlvbmFsLXBhdWwtbGVlLWdhZXR6LXdyb25n0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvbWFyay1sZXZpbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLWFjdC1pcmFuLXVuY29uc3RpdHV0aW9uYWwtcGF1bC1sZWUtZ2FldHotd3JvbmcuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Respiratory virus on the rise in Utah; rates especially high in Washington, Iron counties - St George News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zdGdlb3JnZXV0YWguY29tL25ld3MvYXJjaGl2ZS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Nkci1yZXNwaXJhdG9yeS12aXJ1cy1vbi10aGUtcmlzZS1pbi11dGFoLXJhdGVzLWVzcGVjaWFsbHktaGlnaC1pbi13YXNoaW5ndG9uLWlyb24tY291bnRpZXMv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.stgeorgeutah.com

Informants in Iraq, Syria helped US kill Iran's Soleimani: report - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2luZm9ybWFudHMtaXJhcS1zeXJpYS1oZWxwZWQta2lsbC1pcmFuLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1yZXBvcnQtMjAwMTA5MjMyNzQ2ODY5Lmh0bWzSAXdodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbGphemVlcmEuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvaW5mb3JtYW50cy1pcmFxLXN5cmlhLWhlbHBlZC1raWxsLWlyYW4tc29sZWltYW5pLXJlcG9ydC0yMDAxMDkyMzI3NDY4NjkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Trump sends North Korea's Kim birthday greetings - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtbm9ydGhrb3JlYS11c2EvdHJ1bXAtc2VuZHMtbm9ydGgta29yZWFzLWtpbS1iaXJ0aGRheS13aXNoZXMtaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBRWdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjkwUVk?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

'Doom' re-releases now support add-ons, quick saves and 60FPS - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Rvb20tcmUtcmVsZWFzZXMtZ2V0LWFkZC1vbnMv0gFFaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZW5nYWRnZXQuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Rvb20tcmUtcmVsZWFzZXMtZ2V0LWFkZC1vbnMv?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Microsoft releases a free tool to fight online child abuse - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21pY3Jvc29mdC1wcm9qZWN0LWFydGVtaXMtb25saW5lLWNoaWxkLWFidXNlL9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9taWNyb3NvZnQtcHJvamVjdC1hcnRlbWlzLW9ubGluZS1jaGlsZC1hYnVzZS8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Trump has 'more or less prevailed' with this week's Iran tension, says former US ambassador - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdHJ1bXAtcHJldmFpbGVkLWluLXRoZS11cy1pcmFuLXRlbnNpb24tdGhpcy13ZWVrLWV4LXVzLWFtYmFzc2Fkb3IuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RydW1wLXByZXZhaWxlZC1pbi10aGUtdXMtaXJhbi10ZW5zaW9uLXRoaXMtd2Vlay1leC11cy1hbWJhc3NhZG9yLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

CES 2020: These car tech innovations will change your life - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL3JvYWRzaG93L25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtY2FyLXRlY2gtaW5ub3ZhdGlvbnMv0gFDaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2Nlcy0yMDIwLWNhci10ZWNoLWlubm92YXRpb25zLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Elon Musk Tweets About Bitcoin (Again) - BeInCrypto
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPGh0dHBzOi8vYmVpbmNyeXB0by5jb20vZWxvbi1tdXNrLXR3ZWV0cy1hYm91dC1iaXRjb2luLWFnYWluL9IBQGh0dHBzOi8vYmVpbmNyeXB0by5jb20vZWxvbi1tdXNrLXR3ZWV0cy1hYm91dC1iaXRjb2luLWFnYWluL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://beincrypto.com

Origin of mystery humming noises heard around the world, uncovered - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tc24uY29tL2VuLXVzL25ld3MvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9vcmlnaW4tb2YtbXlzdGVyeS1odW1taW5nLW5vaXNlcy1oZWFyZC1hcm91bmQtdGhlLXdvcmxkLXVuY292ZXJlZC9hci1CQllOMm9ZP2xpPUFBNFpvedIBAA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Pete Buttigieg unveils $1 trillion infrastructure plan - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGV0ZS1idXR0aWdpZWctdW52ZWlscy0xLXRyaWxsaW9uLWluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlLXBsYW4uaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BldGUtYnV0dGlnaWVnLXVudmVpbHMtMS10cmlsbGlvbi1pbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZS1wbGFuLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

2 GOP senators say they'd back Democrats' war powers resolution - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UDNTMV91NC1kNzDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

7 best wearables of CES 2020: the smartwatches that stole the show - TechRadar India
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiO2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vbmV3cy83LWJlc3Qtd2VhcmFibGVzLW9mLWNlcy0yMDIw0gE_aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGVjaHJhZGFyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy83LWJlc3Qtd2VhcmFibGVzLW9mLWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.techradar.com

How Big Tech is helping transform cars into smartphones - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdGVjaC1jZXMtYXV0b3MvaG93LWJpZy10ZWNoLWlzLWhlbHBpbmctdHJhbnNmb3JtLWNhcnMtaW50by1zbWFydHBob25lcy1pZFVTS0JOMVo4MUFH0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaODFBRw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

'Diplomatic crisis': Pressure builds on Iran as Western powers suggest it downed Ukraine plane - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC13ZXN0ZXJuLXBvd2Vycy1zdWdnZXN0LXRlaHJhbi1kb3duZWQtdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC13ZXN0ZXJuLXBvd2Vycy1zdWdnZXN0LXRlaHJhbi1kb3duZWQtdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

S&P 5,000? Why one fund manager says that milestone may be reached sooner than you would expect - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC80NzRBMzkxNi0zMzgyLTExRUEtOTczMy02MTAzODUwOUJBQjLSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvNDc0QTM5MTYtMzM4Mi0xMUVBLTk3MzMtNjEwMzg1MDlCQUIy?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

AMD Radeon GPU appears, beats GeForce RTX 2080 Ti by 17% - TweakTown
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnR3ZWFrdG93bi5jb20vbmV3cy82OTg3OS9hbWQtcmFkZW9uLWdwdS1hcHBlYXJzLWJlYXRzLWdlZm9yY2UtcnR4LTIwODAtdGktMTcvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnR3ZWFrdG93bi5jb20vbmV3cy82OTg3OS9hbWQtcmFkZW9uLWdwdS1hcHBlYXJzLWJlYXRzLWdlZm9yY2UtcnR4LTIwODAtdGktMTcvYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.tweaktown.com

Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, returns to Canada after bombshell announcement - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91ay9oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tY2FuYWRhLWludGwtZ2JyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VrL2hhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1jYW5hZGEtaW50bC1nYnIvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Minneapolis to be lit up in purple for Vikings Playoff Game - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bm9yc2VtYW4uY29tLzIwMjAvMS85LzIxMDU5NTUwL21pbm5lYXBvbGlzLXRvLWJlLWxpdC11cC1wdXJwbGUtdmlraW5ncy1wbGF5b2ZmLWdhbWXSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzkvMjEwNTk1NTAvbWlubmVhcG9saXMtdG8tYmUtbGl0LXVwLXB1cnBsZS12aWtpbmdzLXBsYXlvZmYtZ2FtZQ?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Ghosn's lawyer slams minister's gaffe on proving innocence - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS81NzY1NGEyOWJhZWU5ZTRhOTZjMzRiN2Q5NmRkOWQxM9IBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

Doctor Strange 2 SHOCK - Why Director Just Quit The Multiverse Of Madness - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TEVwM2l2dTdWbVnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Enormous 'Mega-Fire' In Australia Engulfs 1.5 Million Acres - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUxNjk0MTcvZW5vcm1vdXMtbWVnYS1maXJlLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYS1lbmd1bGZzLTEtNS1taWxsaW9uLWFjcmVz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

UK Parliament approves Boris Johnson's Brexit deal - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3VrLXBhcmxpYW1lbnQtYXBwcm92ZXMtYm9yaXMtam9obnNvbi1icmV4aXQtZGVhbC0yMDAxMDkxNDQ5MTcwMzIuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS91ay1wYXJsaWFtZW50LWFwcHJvdmVzLWJvcmlzLWpvaG5zb24tYnJleGl0LWRlYWwtMjAwMTA5MTQ0OTE3MDMyLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

U.K. Lawmakers Approve Brexit Bill - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdS1rLWxhd21ha2Vycy1hcHByb3ZlLWJyZXhpdC1iaWxsLTExNTc4NTkxMTIz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

South Korea says it sent birthday message from President Trump to Kim Jong Un - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAva2ltLWpvbmctdW4tc291dGgta29yZWEtc2F5cy1zZW50dHJ1bXBzLWJpcnRoZGF5LW1lc3NhZ2UvNDQyOTI0NDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjkyNDQwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Packers need volunteers to shovel snow - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wYWNrZXJzLW5lZWQtdm9sdW50ZWVycy10by1zaG92ZWwtc25vdy_SAVxodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGFja2Vycy1uZWVkLXZvbHVudGVlcnMtdG8tc2hvdmVsLXNub3cvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Fossil Reveals Earth’s Oldest Known Animal Guts - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc2NpZW5jZS9mb3NzaWwtZ3V0cy1pbnRlc3RpbmVzLmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NjaWVuY2UvZm9zc2lsLWd1dHMtaW50ZXN0aW5lcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Alienware UFO vs. Nintendo Switch: The biggest differences I noticed - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYWxpZW53YXJlLXVmby12cy1uaW50ZW5kby1zd2l0Y2gtZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMtc3BlY3MtZGVzaWduLWNlcy0yMDIwLTHSAWRodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2FsaWVud2FyZS11Zm8tdnMtbmludGVuZG8tc3dpdGNoLWRpZmZlcmVuY2VzLXNwZWNzLWRlc2lnbi1jZXMtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

‘Perhaps a little pain would help.’ My ex-husband won’t leave our home and rents out rooms on Airbnb — can I force him to stop? - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC9CMUJEQTcyOC0zMzFBLTExRUEtODE3RC00RjEzNzVDOEEwREHSAU9odHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vYW1wL3N0b3J5L2d1aWQvQjFCREE3MjgtMzMxQS0xMUVBLTgxN0QtNEYxMzc1QzhBMERB?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Iraq asks United States to set up mechanism for troop withdrawal - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlX2Vhc3QvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXVuaXRlZC1zdGF0ZXMtdG8tc2V0LXVwLW1lY2hhbmlzbS1mb3ItdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzc5NDA1OGVhLTMyZjgtMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gG7AWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVfZWFzdC9pcmFxLWFza3MtdW5pdGVkLXN0YXRlcy10by1zZXQtdXAtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvNzk0MDU4ZWEtMzJmOC0xMWVhLTk3MWItNDNiZWMzZmY5ODYwX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Small rockets land near Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9wb2xpdGljcy9yb2NrZXRzLWxhbmQtaW4tZ3JlZW4tem9uZS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOC9wb2xpdGljcy9yb2NrZXRzLWxhbmQtaW4tZ3JlZW4tem9uZS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

S&P 5,000? Why one fund manager says that milestone may be reached sooner than you would expect - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tYXJrZXR3YXRjaC5jb20vc3Rvcnkvc3AtNTAwMC13aHktb25lLWZ1bmQtbWFuYWdlci1zYXlzLXRoYXQtbWlsZXN0b25lLW1heS1iZS1yZWFjaGVkLXNvb25lci10aGFuLXlvdS13b3VsZC1leHBlY3QtMjAyMC0wMS0xMNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC80NzRBMzkxNi0zMzgyLTExRUEtOTczMy02MTAzODUwOUJBQjI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Small rockets hit near Baghdad Green Zone a day after Iran missile attacks on US targets in Iraq - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvdHdvLXJvY2tldHMtaGl0LWJhZ2hkYWQtZ3JlZW4tem9uZS1kYXktYWZ0ZXItaXJhbi1taXNzaWxlLWF0dGFja3MuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3R3by1yb2NrZXRzLWhpdC1iYWdoZGFkLWdyZWVuLXpvbmUtZGF5LWFmdGVyLWlyYW4tbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2tzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Iran plane crash: Tehran rebuffs claims it shot down Ukrainian jet - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA2MjM2OdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Increasing the minimum wage by $1 could reduce US suicide rates, study finds - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvbWluaW11bS13YWdlLXN1aWNpZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvbWluaW11bS13YWdlLXN1aWNpZGUtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iraq tells U.S. to lay down "mechanisms" for withdrawal in phone call between Prime Minister Adel Abdul-Mahdi and Mike Pompeo - 2020-01-10 - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXVzLXdpdGhkcmF3YWwtcHJpbWUtbWluaXN0ZXItYWRlbC1hYmR1bC1tYWhkaS1wb21wZW8tcGhvbmUtY2FsbC1pcmFuLXN0cmlrZS0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pcmFxLWFza3MtdXMtd2l0aGRyYXdhbC1wcmltZS1taW5pc3Rlci1hZGVsLWFiZHVsLW1haGRpLXBvbXBlby1waG9uZS1jYWxsLWlyYW4tc3RyaWtlLTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Iraq asks U.S. to set up mechanism for troop withdrawal - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL3dwLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXUtcy10by1zZXQtdXAtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsL9IBfmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL3dwLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXUtcy10by1zZXQtdXAtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

A Glimpse of Our Connected Tech Future, Courtesy of CES 2020 - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiO2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9jZXMtMjAyMC5odG1s0gE_aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNobm9sb2d5L2Nlcy0yMDIwLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

New planet TOI 1338 b discovered by 17-year-old NASA intern Wolf Cukier - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbmV3LXBsYW5ldC10b2ktMTMzOC1iLWRpc2NvdmVyZWQtYnktbmFzYS1pbnRlcm4td29sZi1jdWtpZXItdGVzcy1zYXRlbGl0dGUv0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbmV3LXBsYW5ldC10b2ktMTMzOC1iLWRpc2NvdmVyZWQtYnktbmFzYS1pbnRlcm4td29sZi1jdWtpZXItdGVzcy1zYXRlbGl0dGUv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

UPDATE: MacDill Air Force Base briefly locked down after reports of shots fired bear base - Atlanta Journal Constitution
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vbmV3cy9icmVha2luZy1tYWNkaWxsLWFpci1mb3JjZS1iYXNlLWxvY2tlZC1kb3duLWFjdGl2ZS1zaG9vdGVyLXJlcG9ydGVkL1M2NEVIVkNvVUVKSVlHcjdjU0VRS08v0gF8aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWpjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JyZWFraW5nLW1hY2RpbGwtYWlyLWZvcmNlLWJhc2UtbG9ja2VkLWRvd24tYWN0aXZlLXNob290ZXItcmVwb3J0ZWQvUzY0RUhWQ29VRUpJWUdyN2NTRVFLTy9hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.ajc.com

What To Watch For In College Football’s National Championship - FiveThirtyEight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vZml2ZXRoaXJ0eWVpZ2h0LmNvbS9mZWF0dXJlcy93aGF0LXRvLXdhdGNoLWZvci1pbi1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxscy1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly9maXZldGhpcnR5ZWlnaHQuY29tL2ZlYXR1cmVzL3doYXQtdG8td2F0Y2gtZm9yLWluLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGxzLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fivethirtyeight.com

MacDill Air Force Base lockdown lifted after reports of active shooter today - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbWFjZGlsbC1haXItZm9yY2UtYmFzZS1vbi1sb2NrZG93bi10YW1wYS1yZXBvcnRzLW9mLWFjdGl2ZS1zaG9vdGVyLXRvZGF5LWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9tYWNkaWxsLWFpci1mb3JjZS1iYXNlLW9uLWxvY2tkb3duLXRhbXBhLXJlcG9ydHMtb2YtYWN0aXZlLXNob290ZXItdG9kYXktbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzLTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Boeing 737 Max: Worker said plane 'designed by clowns' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiKmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9idXNpbmVzcy01MTA1ODkyOdIBLmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvYnVzaW5lc3MtNTEwNTg5Mjk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Iran plane crash: What we know about the investigation and the 63 Canadians killed - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS90cmF2ZWwvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtd2hhdC13ZS1rbm93LTYzLWNhbmFkaWFucy1raWxsZWQvMjg0NjYzOTAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI4NDY2MzkwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: GrubHub, Boeing, Amazon, WD-40 & more - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3RvY2tzLW1ha2luZy10aGUtYmlnZ2VzdC1tb3Zlcy1wcmVtYXJrZXQtZ3J1Ymh1Yi1ib2VpbmctYW1hem9uLXdkLTQwLW1vcmUuaHRtbNIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3N0b2Nrcy1tYWtpbmctdGhlLWJpZ2dlc3QtbW92ZXMtcHJlbWFya2V0LWdydWJodWItYm9laW5nLWFtYXpvbi13ZC00MC1tb3JlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Stocks set records and gold falls as fear recedes from markets - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvc3RvY2tzLXNldC1yZWNvcmRzLWdvbGQtZmFsbHMtZmVhci1yZWNlZGVzLWZyb20tbWFya2V0c9IBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMDkvc3RvY2tzLXNldC1yZWNvcmRzLWdvbGQtZmFsbHMtZmVhci1yZWNlZGVzLWZyb20tbWFya2V0cz9fYW1wPXRydWU?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Boeing Hands Over Internal Employee Messages Describing 737 Max as “Designed by Clowns” - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvYm9laW5nLWludGVybmFsLWVtcGxveWVlLW1lc3NhZ2VzLTczNy1tYXgtY2xvd25zLWNvbmdyZXNzLmh0bWzSAWlodHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL2JvZWluZy1pbnRlcm5hbC1lbXBsb3llZS1tZXNzYWdlcy03MzctbWF4LWNsb3ducy1jb25ncmVzcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Stock futures rise, with Dow set to break above 29,000 for the first time - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG93LWZ1dHVyZXMtb24tdGhlLWJhY2stb2YtZWFzaW5nLXRlbnNpb25zLWluLXRoZS1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC5odG1s0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG93LWZ1dHVyZXMtb24tdGhlLWJhY2stb2YtZWFzaW5nLXRlbnNpb25zLWluLXRoZS1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Australia fire crisis fuels protests calling for bolder action on climate change - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Oldest Guts Ever Found May Reveal the Identity of a Mysterious Primordial Creature - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9vbGRlc3QtZ3V0cy1mb3NzaWxpemVkLXByaW1vcmRpYWwtY3JlYXR1cmUuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9hbXAvb2xkZXN0LWd1dHMtZm9zc2lsaXplZC1wcmltb3JkaWFsLWNyZWF0dXJlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Some on the right dissenting from Trump’s approach to Iran - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3NvbWUtb24tdGhlLXJpZ2h0LWRpc3NlbnRpbmctZnJvbS10cnVtcHMtYXBwcm9hY2gtdG8taXJhbtIBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3NvbWUtb24tdGhlLXJpZ2h0LWRpc3NlbnRpbmctZnJvbS10cnVtcHMtYXBwcm9hY2gtdG8taXJhbi5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Not Even Amazon Can Deliver Holiday Magic To Kohl’s As Sales Disappoint - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYW5kcmlhY2hlbmcvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9ub3QtZXZlbi1hbWF6b24tY2FuLWhlbHAtZGVsaXZlci10aGF0LWhvbGlkYXktbWFnaWMtdG8ta29obHMv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9hbmRyaWFjaGVuZy8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L25vdC1ldmVuLWFtYXpvbi1jYW4taGVscC1kZWxpdmVyLXRoYXQtaG9saWRheS1tYWdpYy10by1rb2hscy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Man Breaks Into Taco Bell, Prepares Food, Takes Nap - Snopes.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW4tYnJlYWtzLWludG8tdGFjby1iZWxsLXByZXBhcmVzLWZvb2QtdGFrZXMtbmFwL9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNub3Blcy5jb20vYXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9tYW4tYnJlYWtzLWludG8tdGFjby1iZWxsLXByZXBhcmVzLWZvb2QtdGFrZXMtbmFwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.snopes.com

Holes in Iran plane crash wreckage raise new questions - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dDRzc0hycUFjRkHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Iran plane crash: Tehran rebuffs claims it shot down Ukrainian jet - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA2MjM2OdIBN2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtNTEwNjIzNjk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

5 things to know before the stock market opens on jobs Friday - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvNS10aGluZ3MtdG8ta25vdy1iZWZvcmUtdGhlLXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC1vcGVucy1qYW51YXJ5LTEwLTIwMjAuaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUtdGhpbmdzLXRvLWtub3ctYmVmb3JlLXRoZS1zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtb3BlbnMtamFudWFyeS0xMC0yMDIwLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Doctor Strange director Scott Derrickson exits over 'creative differences' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50LWFydHMtNTEwNjE4MDDSAThodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy01MTA2MTgwMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Listen to Ozzy Osbourne’s Ordinary Man featuring Elton John - Louder
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxvdWRlcnNvdW5kLmNvbS9uZXdzL2xpc3Rlbi10by1venp5LW9zYm91cm5lcy1vcmRpbmFyeS1tYW4tZmVhdHVyaW5nLWVsdG9uLWpvaG7SAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy5sb3VkZXJzb3VuZC5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbGlzdGVuLXRvLW96enktb3Nib3VybmVzLW9yZGluYXJ5LW1hbi1mZWF0dXJpbmctZWx0b24tam9obg?oc=5
https://www.loudersound.com

Taiwan heads to the polls in what is seen as a referendum on its relationship with China - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZWxlY3Rpb25zLXRhaXdhbi12b3Rlcy1pbi13aGF0LWNvdWxkLWJlLWEtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2VyLWZvci11cy1jaGluYS5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZWxlY3Rpb25zLXRhaXdhbi12b3Rlcy1pbi13aGF0LWNvdWxkLWJlLWEtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2VyLWZvci11cy1jaGluYS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Ozzy Osbourne Drops 'Ordinary Man' Featuring Elton John, Slash - Loudwire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vbG91ZHdpcmUuY29tL296enktb3Nib3VybmUtbmV3LXNvbmctb3JkaW5hcnktbWFuLWVsdG9uLWpvaG4tc2xhc2gv0gEA?oc=5
https://loudwire.com

Graham, Paul rift deepens over Trump's war powers | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzYyNS1ncmFoYW0tcGF1bC1yaWZ0LWRlZXBlbnMtb3Zlci10cnVtcHMtd2FyLXBvd2Vyc9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzYyNS1ncmFoYW0tcGF1bC1yaWZ0LWRlZXBlbnMtb3Zlci10cnVtcHMtd2FyLXBvd2Vycz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Dow Jones Today, Futures Climb Ahead of Jobs Report; Chip Stocks Buzzing, Intuitive Surgical Soars On Guidance - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLXRvZGF5LWZ1dHVyZXMtY2xpbWItam9icy1yZXBvcnQtY2hpcC1zdG9ja3MtYnV6emluZy1pbnR1aXRpdmUtc3VyZ2ljYWwtc29hcnMtb24tZ3VpZGFuY2Uv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

With Joel Embiid out, Ben Simmons, Al Horford and the 76ers still out-sized the Celtics - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU1ODcwL3dpdGgtam9lbC1lbWJpaWQtYmVuLXNpbW1vbnMtYWwtaG9yZm9yZC03NmVycy1zaXplZC1jZWx0aWNz0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmJhL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTU4NzAvd2l0aC1qb2VsLWVtYmlpZC1iZW4tc2ltbW9ucy1hbC1ob3Jmb3JkLTc2ZXJzLXNpemVkLWNlbHRpY3M_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

MacDill Air Force Base in Florida was briefly under lockdown over concerns of a suspect nearby - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9mbG9yaWRhLW1hY2RpbGwtYWlyLWZvcmNlLWJhc2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Microsoft will NOT be pushing out the new Edge via Windows Update to everyone - MSPoweruser
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vbXNwb3dlcnVzZXIuY29tL21pY3Jvc29mdC13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1wdXNoaW5nLW91dC10aGUtbmV3LWVkZ2UtdmlhLXdpbmRvd3MtdXBkYXRlLXRvLWV2ZXJ5b25lL9IBamh0dHBzOi8vbXNwb3dlcnVzZXIuY29tL21pY3Jvc29mdC13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1wdXNoaW5nLW91dC10aGUtbmV3LWVkZ2UtdmlhLXdpbmRvd3MtdXBkYXRlLXRvLWV2ZXJ5b25lL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://mspoweruser.com

U.S. Economy Added 145,000 Jobs in December - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZGVjZW1iZXItam9icy1yZXBvcnQtMTE1Nzg2NTc2MDDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

US firefighters cheered at Australia airport as fires worsen, new evacuations ordered - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlLXVzLWZpcmVmaWdodGVycy1jb25kaXRpb25zLWV2YWN1YXRpb25zLW9yZGVyZWTSAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS93b3JsZC9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZS11cy1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtY29uZGl0aW9ucy1ldmFjdWF0aW9ucy1vcmRlcmVkLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Economy adds 145,000 jobs in December as unemployment rate remains at 3.5 percent - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2phbnVhcnktMjAyMC1qb2JzLXJlcG9ydC_SAVtodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3MvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qYW51YXJ5LTIwMjAtam9icy1yZXBvcnQvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Iraq Calls on U.S. to Prepare for Troop Withdrawal - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvaXJhcS1jYWxscy1vbi11LXMtdG8tcHJlcGFyZS1mb3ItdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC0xMTU3ODY1NzEwOdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Iran denies 'with certainty' U.S., Canada intel that missile downed Ukraine plane: What we know - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1ub3QtY2F1c2VkLW1pc3NpbGUtaXJhbi1kZW55aW5nLXVzLWNhbmFkYS80NDI5MzE0MDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyOTMxNDAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Iraqi PM tells US to start working on troop withdrawal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcWktcG0tdGVsbHMtdXMtdG8tZGVjaWRlLXRoZS1tZWNoYW5pc20tZm9yLXRyb29wLXdpdGhkcmF3YWwuaHRtbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2lyYXFpLXBtLXRlbGxzLXVzLXRvLWRlY2lkZS10aGUtbWVjaGFuaXNtLWZvci10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Job market ends 2019 with disappointing 145,000 growth in payrolls - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMtbm9uZmFybS1wYXlyb2xscy1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy1ub25mYXJtLXBheXJvbGxzLWRlY2VtYmVyLTIwMTkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Jobs Report: US Economy Adds 145,000 As Wage Growth Slows; Dow Jones Rises - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmludmVzdG9ycy5jb20vbmV3cy9lY29ub215L2pvYnMtcmVwb3J0LXUtcy1lY29ub215LWFkZHMtMTQ1MDAwLXdhZ2UtZ3Jvd3RoLXNsb3dzLWRvdy1qb25lcy1yaXNlcy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

More Bad News For Apple As New iPhone Design Exposed [Updated] - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZ29yZG9ua2VsbHkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcHBsZS1pcGhvbmUtc2UyLTIwMjAtZGVzaWduLXVwZ3JhZGUtaXBob25lLTEyLWlwaG9uZS0xMS1wcm8tbWF4LXVwZGF0ZS_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9nb3Jkb25rZWxseS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FwcGxlLWlwaG9uZS1zZTItMjAyMC1kZXNpZ24tdXBncmFkZS1pcGhvbmUtMTItaXBob25lLTExLXByby1tYXgtdXBkYXRlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

You're Not Seeing Things, These Spider Butts Look Like Faces - Livescience.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9wZWFjb2NrLXNwaWRlci1idXR0cy1sb29rLWxpa2UtZmFjZXMuaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxpdmVzY2llbmNlLmNvbS9hbXAvcGVhY29jay1zcGlkZXItYnV0dHMtbG9vay1saWtlLWZhY2VzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.livescience.com

Listen To Ozzy Osbourne's Collaboration With Elton John, 'Ordinary Man' - BLABBERMOUTH.NET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsYWJiZXJtb3V0aC5uZXQvbmV3cy9saXN0ZW4tdG8tb3p6eS1vc2JvdXJuZXMtY29sbGFib3JhdGlvbi13aXRoLWVsdG9uLWpvaG4tb3JkaW5hcnktbWFuL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.blabbermouth.net

Women's basketball: No. 6 Baylor snaps top-ranked UConn's 98-game home winning streak - NCAA.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5jYWEuY29tL25ld3MvYmFza2V0YmFsbC13b21lbi9hcnRpY2xlLzIwMjAtMDEtMDgvd29tZW5zLWJhc2tldGJhbGwtbm8tNi1iYXlsb3Itc25hcHMtdG9wLXJhbmtlZC11Y29ubnMtOTjSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5uY2FhLmNvbS9uZXdzL2Jhc2tldGJhbGwtd29tZW4vYXJ0aWNsZS8yMDIwLTAxLTA4L3dvbWVucy1iYXNrZXRiYWxsLW5vLTYtYmF5bG9yLXNuYXBzLXRvcC1yYW5rZWQtdWNvbm5zLTk4P2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.ncaa.com

LOL, Harvey Weinstein Wants a New Judge Now Because This One Was Too Mean to Him - The Mary Sue
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZW1hcnlzdWUuY29tL3dlaW5zdGVpbi1uaWNlci1qdWRnZS1wbGVhc2Uv0gE8aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlbWFyeXN1ZS5jb20vd2VpbnN0ZWluLW5pY2VyLWp1ZGdlLXBsZWFzZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.themarysue.com

Florida man charged with threatening to kill Trump to avenge Soleimani - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Zsb3JpZGEtbWFuLWNoYXJnZWQtd2l0aC10aHJlYXRlbmluZy10by1raWxsLXRydW1wLXRvLWF2ZW5nZS1zb2xlaW1hbmkv0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmxvcmlkYS1tYW4tY2hhcmdlZC13aXRoLXRocmVhdGVuaW5nLXRvLWtpbGwtdHJ1bXAtdG8tYXZlbmdlLXNvbGVpbWFuaS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Meet the 13 astronauts who could be the first humans on Mars - 10TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjEwdHYuY29tL2FydGljbGUvbWVldC0xMy1hc3Ryb25hdXRzLXdoby1jb3VsZC1iZS1maXJzdC1odW1hbnMtbWFycy0yMDIwLWphbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.10tv.com

Democrats slept on Bernie Sanders. Now he's surging as Iowa approaches - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9wb2xpdGljcy9iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1pb3dhLTIwMjAvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcG9saXRpY3MvYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtaW93YS0yMDIwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What we know about Joel Embiid's injury diagnosis - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vcGhpbGFkZWxwaGlhLzc2ZXJzL2pvZWwtZW1iaWlkLXN1cmdlcnktZmluZ2VyLWluanVyeS1kaWFnbm9zZWQtdG9ybi1saWdhbWVudC1oaXMtZmluZ2VyLXNpeGVyc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's royal exit done without my help, Oprah Winfrey claims - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1kZW5pYWzSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW9wcmFoLXdpbmZyZXktZGVuaWFsLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Nearly 2 million adults are estimated to have shown symptoms of PTSD during Hong Kong protests, study finds - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtcHRzZC1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtcHRzZC1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Leaving Las Vegas: 7 takeaways from CES 2020 - AdAge.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vYWRhZ2UuY29tL2FydGljbGUvc3BlY2lhbC1yZXBvcnQtY2VzL2xlYXZpbmctbGFzLXZlZ2FzLTctdGFrZWF3YXlzLWNlcy0yMDIwLzIyMjYyODbSAQA?oc=5
https://adage.com

Predicting the winners of the NFL playoffs' divisional round | NFL Live - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cmsxdlRUNkpETUnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

American Cancer Society denies Trump credit for falling cancer deaths - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYW1lcmljYW4tY2FuY2VyLXNvY2lldHktZGVuaWVzLXRydW1wLWNyZWRpdC1mb3ItZmFsbGluZy1jYW5jZXItcmF0ZXMtMjAyMC0x0gFraHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9hbWVyaWNhbi1jYW5jZXItc29jaWV0eS1kZW5pZXMtdHJ1bXAtY3JlZGl0LWZvci1mYWxsaW5nLWNhbmNlci1yYXRlcy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Morning Report: Michael Bisping says he is ‘sick of all this talk of superfights’ - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk0NTMvbW9ybmluZy1yZXBvcnQtbWljaGFlbC1iaXNwaW5nLXNheXMtaGUtaXMtc2ljay1vZi1hbGwtdGhpcy10YWxrLW9mLXN1cGVyZmlnaHRz0gGKAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NDUzL21vcm5pbmctcmVwb3J0LW1pY2hhZWwtYmlzcGluZy1zYXlzLWhlLWlzLXNpY2stb2YtYWxsLXRoaXMtdGFsay1vZi1zdXBlcmZpZ2h0cw?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

‘Underwater’ Is a Deep-Sea ‘Alien’ Homage - The Ringer
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXJpbmdlci5jb20vbW92aWVzLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1OTc4My91bmRlcndhdGVyLWtyaXN0ZW4tc3Rld2FydC1tb3ZpZS1yZXZpZXfSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVyaW5nZXIuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC9tb3ZpZXMvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzgzL3VuZGVyd2F0ZXIta3Jpc3Rlbi1zdGV3YXJ0LW1vdmllLXJldmlldw?oc=5
https://www.theringer.com

Iraq asks U.S. to make plans to withdraw forces - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvaXJhcS1hc2tzLXUtcy1tYWtlLXBsYW5zLXdpdGhkcmF3LWZvcmNlcy1uMTExMzM5MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzMzkx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Apple iPhone 12: Everything We Know So Far [Updated] - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZ29yZG9ua2VsbHkvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9hcHBsZS1pcGhvbmUtMTItcHJvLW1heC1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtZGVzaWduLWNhbWVyYS1wcmljZS1pcGhvbmUtMTEtdXBncmFkZS_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9nb3Jkb25rZWxseS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2FwcGxlLWlwaG9uZS0xMi1wcm8tbWF4LXJlbGVhc2UtZGF0ZS1kZXNpZ24tY2FtZXJhLXByaWNlLWlwaG9uZS0xMS11cGdyYWRlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Judge won't step down from Weinstein case after cellphone rebuke - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtZG93bi1mcm9tLXdlaW5zdGVpbi1jYXNlLWFmdGVyLWNlbGxwaG9uZS1yZWJ1a2Uv0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9wYWdlc2l4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2p1ZGdlLXdvbnQtc3RlcC1kb3duLWZyb20td2VpbnN0ZWluLWNhc2UtYWZ0ZXItY2VsbHBob25lLXJlYnVrZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

‘Designed by clowns’: Boeing papers show employees slid 737 Max problems past the FAA - The Boston Globe
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJvc3Rvbmdsb2JlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2J1c2luZXNzL2Rlc2lnbmVkLWJ5LWNsb3ducy1ib2VpbmctcGFwZXJzLXNob3ctZW1wbG95ZWVzLXNsaWQtNzM3LW1heC1wcm9ibGVtcy1wYXN0LWZhYS_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYm9zdG9uZ2xvYmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvZGVzaWduZWQtYnktY2xvd25zLWJvZWluZy1wYXBlcnMtc2hvdy1lbXBsb3llZXMtc2xpZC03MzctbWF4LXByb2JsZW1zLXBhc3QtZmFhLz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.bostonglobe.com

U.S. job growth seen slowing in December after robust gains - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXkvdXMtam9iLWdyb3d0aC1zZWVuLXNsb3dpbmctaW4tZGVjZW1iZXItYWZ0ZXItcm9idXN0LWdhaW5zLWlkVVNLQk4xWjkwRTbSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MEU2?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

A triple threat storm could bring tornadoes, snow and flooding to much of the US this weekend - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93ZWF0aGVyL3RyaXBsZS10aHJlYXQtc3Rvcm0tZnJpZGF5LXd4Yy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93ZWF0aGVyL3RyaXBsZS10aHJlYXQtc3Rvcm0tZnJpZGF5LXd4Yy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Mike Anthony: UConn crumbles late against Baylor as 2019-20 reality is driven home - Hartford Courant
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvdXJhbnQuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy91Y29ubi13b21lbnMtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9oYy1zcC11Y29ubi1iYXlsb3ItY29sdW1uLTIwMjAwMTEwLTVxbjVxanVjb2pmeXplbnV1eXkyeGt4cGFlLXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.courant.com

Am I Screwed If I Don't Upgrade Windows 7 by January 15? - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vYW0taS1zY3Jld2VkLWlmLWktZG9udC11cGdyYWRlLXdpbmRvd3MtNy1ieS1qYW51YXJ5LTE1LTE4NDA5MDMxMjDSAVxodHRwczovL2xpZmVoYWNrZXIuY29tL2FtLWktc2NyZXdlZC1pZi1pLWRvbnQtdXBncmFkZS13aW5kb3dzLTctYnktamFudWFyeS0xNS0xODQwOTAzMTIwL2FtcA?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

Sen. Bernie Sanders slams Trump as 'pathological liar' - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vc2VuLWJlcm5pZS1zYW5kZXJzLXNsYW1zLXRydW1wLXBhdGhvbG9naWNhbC1saWFyLW4xMTEzNDE20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0MTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iran to download plane black box after missile blamed for crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvYm9laW5nLWpldC1jcmFzaGVzLWluLWlyYW4td2l0aC1uby1zdXJ2aXZvcnMtc2VjdXJpdHktc291cmNlcy1zZWUtdGVjaG5pY2FsLWNhdXNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjcwRUzSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo4MEkz?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

The game-changing move that has each playoff team in the hunt for Super Bowl LIV - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDM5ODkzL3RoZS1nYW1lLWNoYW5naW5nLW1vdmUtcGxheW9mZi10ZWFtLWh1bnQtc3VwZXItYm93bC1saXbSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQzOTg5My90aGUtZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2luZy1tb3ZlLXBsYXlvZmYtdGVhbS1odW50LXN1cGVyLWJvd2wtbGl2P3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Zantac: Heartburn drug ranitidine's possible cancer link investigated by California lab Emery Pharma - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvemFudGFjLWhlYXJ0YnVybi1kcnVnLXJhbml0aWRpbmUtcG9zc2libGUtbGluay10by1jYW5jZXItY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1sYWItZW1lcnktcGFybWEtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGluZy_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvemFudGFjLWhlYXJ0YnVybi1kcnVnLXJhbml0aWRpbmUtcG9zc2libGUtbGluay10by1jYW5jZXItY2FsaWZvcm5pYS1sYWItZW1lcnktcGFybWEtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGluZy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Coming or going, Meghan Markle gets the blame -- and it's because of her race - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtYmxhbWUtYWxsLXNpZGVzLXJhY2UtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtYmxhbWUtYWxsLXNpZGVzLXJhY2UtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

FDA announces more recalls of antacids containing traces of carcinogen - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9oZWFsdGgtbmV3cy9mZGEtYW5ub3VuY2VzLW1vcmUtcmVjYWxscy1hbnRhY2lkcy1jb250YWluaW5nLXRyYWNlcy1jYXJjaW5vZ2VuLW4xMTEzMTk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTMxOTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Going Rogue: Prince Harry and Meghan Caught the Palace Off Guard - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2R1Y2hlc3Mtc3Vzc2V4LXByaW5jZS5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC9ldXJvcGUvZHVjaGVzcy1zdXNzZXgtcHJpbmNlLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Daily Dawg Chow: Browns news (1/10/20) - Dawgs By Nature
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhd2dzYnluYXR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1OTIwNS9kYWlseS1kYXdnLWNob3ctYnJvd25zLW5ld3MtMS0xMC0yMNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhd2dzYnluYXR1cmUuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTkyMDUvZGFpbHktZGF3Zy1jaG93LWJyb3ducy1uZXdzLTEtMTAtMjA?oc=5
https://www.dawgsbynature.com

US economy adds 145,000 jobs in December - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lY29ub215L2RlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Vjb25vbXkvZGVjZW1iZXItam9icy1yZXBvcnQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Weekly jobless claims fall but number of unemployed surged to a more than 1 1/2-year high - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvd2Vla2x5LWpvYmxlc3MtY2xhaW1zLmh0bWzSAT5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93ZWVrbHktam9ibGVzcy1jbGFpbXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

NFL Playoffs 2020: Eight bold divisional round predictions, including Russell Wilson's cold weather collapse - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy0yMDIwLWVpZ2h0LWJvbGQtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1pbmNsdWRpbmctcnVzc2VsbC13aWxzb25zLWNvbGQtd2VhdGhlci1jb2xsYXBzZS_SAZEBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9uZmwvbmV3cy9uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtMjAyMC1laWdodC1ib2xkLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtaW5jbHVkaW5nLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2lsc29ucy1jb2xkLXdlYXRoZXItY29sbGFwc2UvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Elizabeth Warren's surprising closing argument - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZWxpemFiZXRoLXdhcnJlbi0yMDIwLWNsb3NpbmctYXJndW1lbnQtMDk3MDIz0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZWxpemFiZXRoLXdhcnJlbi0yMDIwLWNsb3NpbmctYXJndW1lbnQtMDk3MDIz?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

U.S. creates 145,000 new jobs in December - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS91cy1jcmVhdGVzLTE0NTAwMC1uZXctam9icy1pbi1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDIwLTAxLTEw0gFPaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFya2V0d2F0Y2guY29tL2FtcC9zdG9yeS9ndWlkL0FFNzVCRUQ0LTMzMDYtMTFFQS04MTdELTRGMTM3NUM4QTBEQQ?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Iran's UN ambassador says missile strikes weren't intended to kill Americans - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFuaWFuLWFtYmFzc2Fkb3ItdW4tbWlzc2lsZS1zdHJpa2Utbm90LWtpbGwtYW1lcmljYW5zLWNubnR2L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL2lyYW5pYW4tYW1iYXNzYWRvci11bi1taXNzaWxlLXN0cmlrZS1ub3Qta2lsbC1hbWVyaWNhbnMtY25udHYvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Facial recognition creeps into everything at CES 2020 - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvYXQtY2VzLWZhY2lhbC1yZWNvZ25pdGlvbi1jcmVlcHMtaW50by1ldmVyeXRoaW5nL9IBVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9hdC1jZXMtZmFjaWFsLXJlY29nbml0aW9uLWNyZWVwcy1pbnRvLWV2ZXJ5dGhpbmcv?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Bloomberg to fund sizable campaign effort through November even if he loses Democratic nomination - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vYmxvb21iZXJnLWZ1bmQtc2l6YWJsZS1jYW1wYWlnbi1lZmZvcnQtdGhyb3VnaC1ub3ZlbWJlci1ldmVuLWlmLWhlLW4xMTEzNDIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0MjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Why the 49ers took a risk and traded for Jimmy Garoppolo - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU0ODgzL3doeS00OWVycy10b29rLXJpc2stdHJhZGVkLWppbW15LWdhcm9wcG9sb9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU0ODgzL3doeS00OWVycy10b29rLXJpc2stdHJhZGVkLWppbW15LWdhcm9wcG9sbz9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Taco Bell now offers $100,000 salary jobs - FOX 59 Indianapolis
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vZm94NTkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdGFjby1iZWxsLXRvLXN0YXJ0LW9mZmVyaW5nLTEwMDAwMC1zYWxhcnktam9icy10bXcv0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9mb3g1OS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90YWNvLWJlbGwtdG8tc3RhcnQtb2ZmZXJpbmctMTAwMDAwLXNhbGFyeS1qb2JzLXRtdy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fox59.com

A lost world in Wallacea: Description of a montane archipelagic avifauna - Science Magazine
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vc2NpZW5jZS5zY2llbmNlbWFnLm9yZy9jb250ZW50LzM2Ny82NDc0LzE2N9IBAA?oc=5
https://science.sciencemag.org

Economy added 145,000 jobs in December - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL2Vjb25vbXkvZWNvbm9teS1hZGRlZC0xNDUtMDAwLWpvYnMtZGVjZW1iZXItbjExMTM0MDHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMzQwMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

5 Top Growth Stocks You'll Want to Own in 2020 - Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUtdG9wLWdyb3d0aC1zdG9ja3MteW91bGwtd2FudC10by1vd24taW4tMjAyMC5hc3B40gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9vbC5jb20vYW1wL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUtdG9wLWdyb3d0aC1zdG9ja3MteW91bGwtd2FudC10by1vd24taW4tMjAyMC5hc3B4?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Will Smith admits he was 'not happy' with this sequel - Yahoo Celebrity
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtYWRtaXRzLWhlLXdhcy1ub3QtaGFwcHktd2l0aC10aGlzLXNlcXVlbC0wNzM0NDI1NzUuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Struggling 49ers run D focused on stopping Cook - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU2NTkvYXJ0aWNsZS9zdHJ1Z2dsaW5nLTQ5ZXJzLXJ1bi1kLWZvY3VzZWQtb24tc3RvcHBpbmctZGFsdmluLWNvb2vSAbcDaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU2NTkvYXJ0aWNsZS9zdHJ1Z2dsaW5nLTQ5ZXJzLXJ1bi1kLWZvY3VzZWQtb24tc3RvcHBpbmctZGFsdmluLWNvb2s_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRGFyb3VuZC10aGUtbGVhZ3VlO3RlYW0lM0RzZjt0ZWFtJTNEbWluO2NvbmYlM0RuZmM7ZHZzbiUzRG5jdztkdnNuJTNEbmNuO3BseXIlM0RyaWNoYXJkX3NoZXJtYW47cGx5ciUzRGFkcmlhbl9wZXRlcnNvbjtwbHlyJTNEa2lya19jb3VzaW5zJnAuY3Q9QXJvdW5kK3RoZStORkwmcC5hZHNtPXRydWUmcC50Y209JTIzZmZmJnAuYmdjMW09JTIzMDk2NGJmJnAuYmdjMm09JTIzMDUzYTc0JnNyPWFtcA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

MDH: Minnesota Flu Death Count Doubles - WCCO | CBS Minnesota
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vbWlubmVzb3RhLmNic2xvY2FsLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L21kaC1taW5uZXNvdGEtZmx1LWRlYXRoLWNvdW50LWRvdWJsZXMv0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9taW5uZXNvdGEuY2JzbG9jYWwuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvbWRoLW1pbm5lc290YS1mbHUtZGVhdGgtY291bnQtZG91Ymxlcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://minnesota.cbslocal.com

Patti Smith Acted Like a Jerk to Bob Dylan When He Saw Her Band for the First Time - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cFhTR3FqbWRxeXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Impeachment live updates: Senate awaits word from Pelosi on articles of impeachment against Trump - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZTY1ZjVmMTYtMzM5OC0xMWVhLWEwNTMtZGM2ZDk0NGJhNzc2X3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAZABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2U2NWY1ZjE2LTMzOTgtMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Watch Patti Smith Cover Neil Young’s “After the Gold Rush” on Fallon - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dhdGNoLXBhdHRpLXNtaXRoLWNvdmVyLW5laWwteW91bmdzLWFmdGVyLXRoZS1nb2xkLXJ1c2gtb24tZmFsbG9uL9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dhdGNoLXBhdHRpLXNtaXRoLWNvdmVyLW5laWwteW91bmdzLWFmdGVyLXRoZS1nb2xkLXJ1c2gtb24tZmFsbG9uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

The Great Divide: Is Conor McGregor’s superstardom at stake at UFC 246? - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg1MjIvdGhlLWdyZWF0LWRpdmlkZS1pcy1jb25vci1tY2dyZWdvcnMtc3VwZXJzdGFyZG9tLWF0LXN0YWtlLWF0LXVmYy0yNDbSAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubW1hZmlnaHRpbmcuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg1MjIvdGhlLWdyZWF0LWRpdmlkZS1pcy1jb25vci1tY2dyZWdvcnMtc3VwZXJzdGFyZG9tLWF0LXN0YWtlLWF0LXVmYy0yNDY?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

Trump impeachment: Pelosi continues to frustrate Republicans as she puts next step on hold – live - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy9saXZlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3RydW1wLW5ld3MtdG9kYXktbGl2ZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1wZWxvc2ktaXJhbi1kZW1vY3JhdHMtMjAyMC1lbGVjdGlvbi1sYXRlc3QtdXBkYXRlc9IBiQFodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy9saXZlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3RydW1wLW5ld3MtdG9kYXktbGl2ZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1wZWxvc2ktaXJhbi1kZW1vY3JhdHMtMjAyMC1lbGVjdGlvbi1sYXRlc3QtdXBkYXRlcw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

California wants to use vacant land to house the homeless - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bXBzVGxoT3EzMk3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Iran releases images of black box from plane crash - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vdmlkZW9zL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYmxhY2stYm94LXZpZGVvLWlyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtZnJlZC1wbGVpdGdlbi1saXZlLW5ldy1kYXktaW50bC1sZG4tdnB4LmNubtIBfGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uL3ZpZGVvcy93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2JsYWNrLWJveC12aWRlby1pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWZyZWQtcGxlaXRnZW4tbGl2ZS1uZXctZGF5LWludGwtbGRuLXZweC5jbm4?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

‘Parasite’ Is Going to be a Television Series, Because of Course It Is - The Ringer
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXJpbmdlci5jb20vdHYvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5ODYxL3BhcmFzaXRlLXR2LXNob3ctaGJvLWJvbmctam9vbi1oby1hZGFtLW1ja2F50gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlcmluZ2VyLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvdHYvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5ODYxL3BhcmFzaXRlLXR2LXNob3ctaGJvLWJvbmctam9vbi1oby1hZGFtLW1ja2F5?oc=5
https://www.theringer.com

Ukrainian plane was on fire immediately before crash, Iran's initial probe says - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvZmxpZ2h0LTc1Mi11a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lLXdhcy1vbi1maXJlLWJlZm9yZS1jcmFzaC1pcmFuLXNheXMuaHRtbNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2ZsaWdodC03NTItdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS13YXMtb24tZmlyZS1iZWZvcmUtY3Jhc2gtaXJhbi1zYXlzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

N.F.L. Playoff Predictions: Our Picks for the Divisional Round - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3BvcnRzL2Zvb3RiYWxsL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXBpY2tzLmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3Nwb3J0cy9mb290YmFsbC9uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1waWNrcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Iran urges US, Canadian investigators for information on Ukraine plane crash, ambassador denies site unsecure - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4tYW1iYXNzYWRvci11ay1kZW5pZXMtc2l0ZS11bnNlY3VyZS80NDI5NDMyMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyOTQzMjAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

These true wireless earbuds are rated higher than AirPods, and they’re only $27 today - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydWUtd2lyZWxlc3MtZWFyYnVkcy1hbWF6b24tZGVhbC1iZXR0ZXItcmF0aW5nLXRoYW4tYWlycG9kcy_SAVxodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVlLXdpcmVsZXNzLWVhcmJ1ZHMtYW1hem9uLWRlYWwtYmV0dGVyLXJhdGluZy10aGFuLWFpcnBvZHMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Australia Was Warned - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtd2FzLXdhcm5lZC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1idXNoZmlyZXMuaHRtbNIBVmh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvMjAyMC8wMS9hdXN0cmFsaWEtd2FzLXdhcm5lZC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1idXNoZmlyZXMuYW1w?oc=5
https://slate.com

Selena Gomez Explains Why She's Never Doing 'Overtly Sexual' Music Videos Again - TooFab
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vdG9vZmFiLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1zZXh1YWwtbXVzaWMtdmlkZW9zLXJhcmUtYWxidW0tcmVsZWFzZS1wYXJ0eS_SAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC50b29mYWIuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXNleHVhbC1tdXNpYy12aWRlb3MtcmFyZS1hbGJ1bS1yZWxlYXNlLXBhcnR5Lw?oc=5
https://toofab.com

Watch Will Smith Rap His Entire Life History on ‘Fallon’ - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtbmV3cy93aWxsLXNtaXRoLXJhcC1saWZlLWhpc3RvcnktZmFsbG9uLTkzNTkyNS_SAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5yb2xsaW5nc3RvbmUuY29tL211c2ljL211c2ljLW5ld3Mvd2lsbC1zbWl0aC1yYXAtbGlmZS1oaXN0b3J5LWZhbGxvbi05MzU5MjUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

US House votes to limit Trump war powers on Iran - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNTMyMDDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA1MzIwMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Vikings vs. 49ers Divisional Playoffs Preview: Sisyphean - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTY2MjQvbWlubmVzb3RhLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2FuLWZyYW5jaXNjby00OWVycy1wcmV2aWV3LTIwMTktZGl2aXNpb25hbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1uZmwtcGlja3PSAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGFpbHlub3JzZW1hbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1NjYyNC9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1zYW4tZnJhbmNpc2NvLTQ5ZXJzLXByZXZpZXctMjAxOS1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXBsYXlvZmZzLW5mbC1waWNrcw?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Report: Josh McDaniels’ wife on trip to Cleveland as well - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yZXBvcnQtam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtd2lmZS1vbi10cmlwLXRvLWNsZXZlbGFuZC1hcy13ZWxsL9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yZXBvcnQtam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtd2lmZS1vbi10cmlwLXRvLWNsZXZlbGFuZC1hcy13ZWxsL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Harry Hains, 'American Horror Story' actor, dead at 27 - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvdHYvbmV3cy9oYXJyeS1oYWlucy1hbWVyaWNhbi1ob3Jyb3Itc3RvcnktYWN0b3ItZGVhZC1hdC0yNy9hci1CQllPS3F40gEA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Iraqi government asks US to set mechanisms for 'safe withdrawal of troops from Iraq' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFxLXBvbXBlby10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLW1lY2hhbmlzbS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFxLXBvbXBlby10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLW1lY2hhbmlzbS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The 6 best TVs we saw at CES 2020 — from 8K OLEDs to a TV that can rotate like a smartphone - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYmVzdC10dnMtY2VzLTIwMjDSATFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2Jlc3QtdHZzLWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Astronaut Candidates to Graduate with Eye on Artemis Missions - NASA
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eG81OEVvVDk4N03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

TVs of CES 2020: 5 takeaways about this year's huge, gaudy, pricey models - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdHYtY2VzLTIwMjAtb2xlZC04ay1naWFudC1zY3JlZW5zLXRyZW5kcy1hYnNvbHV0ZS1leGNlc3Mv0gFeaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL3R2LWNlcy0yMDIwLW9sZWQtOGstZ2lhbnQtc2NyZWVucy10cmVuZHMtYWJzb2x1dGUtZXhjZXNzLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

TVs at CES 2020: a year for the mass-market - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg5ODEvY2VzLTIwMjAtdHZzLW1pZHJhbmdlLW9sZWQtbWljcm9sZWQtbGctc2Ftc3VuZy1zb255LXZpemlvLThrLTRrLWJlemVsLXByaWNl0gGEAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU4OTgxL2Nlcy0yMDIwLXR2cy1taWRyYW5nZS1vbGVkLW1pY3JvbGVkLWxnLXNhbXN1bmctc29ueS12aXppby04ay00ay1iZXplbC1wcmljZQ?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Given contract situation, Sixers should make a call soon on finger-wagging, lob-catching Pelle - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tL3BoaWxhZGVscGhpYS83NmVycy9zaXhlcnMtbm9ydmVsLXBlbGxlLXR3by13YXktY29udHJhY3QtbmJhLWJyZXR0LWJyb3duLXNpeGVycy1jZW50ZXItd2luLWJvc3Rvbi1jZWx0aWNz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

Severe weather this weekend could bring snow, ice, tornadoes to central and eastern U.S., record warm temperatures to Northeast - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdG9ybmFkb2VzLWljZS1zbm93LXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC1jZW50cmFsLWFuZC1lYXN0ZXJuLXVzL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLXRvcm5hZG9lcy1pY2Utc25vdy10aGlzLXdlZWtlbmQtY2VudHJhbC1hbmQtZWFzdGVybi11cy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Dow flirts with 29,000 despite jobs report miss - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3VzLXN0b2Nrcy1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMNIBPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3VzLXN0b2Nrcy1qYW4tMTAtMjAyMC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Chemists report a new use for the waste product of nuclear power generation - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWNoZW1pc3RzLXByb2R1Y3QtbnVjbGVhci1wb3dlci5odG1s0gFAaHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtY2hlbWlzdHMtcHJvZHVjdC1udWNsZWFyLXBvd2VyLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Daily Dawg Tags: Josh McDaniels may want Cleveland Browns 'sweeping changes' - Dawg Pound Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vZGF3Z3BvdW5kZGFpbHkuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZGFpbHktZGF3Zy10YWdzLWpvc2gtbWNkYW5pZWxzLXdhbnRzLWNsZXZlbGFuZC1icm93bnMtc3dlZXBpbmctY2hhbmdlcy_SAXFodHRwczovL2Rhd2dwb3VuZGRhaWx5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2RhaWx5LWRhd2ctdGFncy1qb3NoLW1jZGFuaWVscy13YW50cy1jbGV2ZWxhbmQtYnJvd25zLXN3ZWVwaW5nLWNoYW5nZXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://dawgpounddaily.com

Iran to download plane black box after missile blamed for crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvYm9laW5nLWpldC1jcmFzaGVzLWluLWlyYW4td2l0aC1uby1zdXJ2aXZvcnMtc2VjdXJpdHktc291cmNlcy1zZWUtdGVjaG5pY2FsLWNhdXNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjcwRUw_aWw9MNIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjgwSTM?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Elon Musk Just Dropped the Bitcoin Bomb On Twitter, Again - newsBTC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3NidGMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZWxvbi1tdXNrLWp1c3QtZHJvcHBlZC10aGUtYml0Y29pbi1ib21iLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItYWdhaW4v0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c2J0Yy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbG9uLW11c2stanVzdC1kcm9wcGVkLXRoZS1iaXRjb2luLWJvbWItb24tdHdpdHRlci1hZ2Fpbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.newsbtc.com

Microsoft is planning to phase out the Windows 10 Store for Business - ZDNet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnpkbmV0LmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL21pY3Jvc29mdC1pcy1wbGFubmluZy10by1waGFzZS1vdXQtdGhlLXdpbmRvd3MtMTAtc3RvcmUtZm9yLWJ1c2luZXNzL9IBbmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnpkbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL2FydGljbGUvbWljcm9zb2Z0LWlzLXBsYW5uaW5nLXRvLXBoYXNlLW91dC10aGUtd2luZG93cy0xMC1zdG9yZS1mb3ItYnVzaW5lc3Mv?oc=5
https://www.zdnet.com

Queen Elizabeth Is 'Devastated' in Wake of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Announcement - Entertainment Tonight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmV0b25saW5lLmNvbS9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaXMtZGV2YXN0YXRlZC1pbi13YWtlLW9mLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZXMtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LTEzOTE2ONIBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmV0b25saW5lLmNvbS9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaXMtZGV2YXN0YXRlZC1pbi13YWtlLW9mLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZXMtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50LTEzOTE2OD9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.etonline.com

Harvey Weinstein's lawyer, judge get into heated exchange: 'That's against the law!' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2NlbGVicml0aWVzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1kYXktNS1jb3VydC1qdXJ5LXNlbGVjdGlvbi80NDIzMTUzMDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQyMzE1MzAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

US slaps new sanctions on Iran following strikes on US targets - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMtd2lsbC1zbGFwLW5ldy1zYW5jdGlvbnMtb24taXJhbi1mb2xsb3dpbmctc3RyaWtlcy1vbi11cy10YXJnZXRzLmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy13aWxsLXNsYXAtbmV3LXNhbmN0aW9ucy1vbi1pcmFuLWZvbGxvd2luZy1zdHJpa2VzLW9uLXVzLXRhcmdldHMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Hong Kong protest "grandma" reportedly detained in China - Quartz
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODI5NDgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtZ3JhbmRtYS1yZXBvcnRlZGx5LWRldGFpbmVkLWluLWNoaW5hL9IBUmh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODI5NDgvaG9uZy1rb25nLXByb3Rlc3QtZ3JhbmRtYS1yZXBvcnRlZGx5LWRldGFpbmVkLWluLWNoaW5hL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://qz.com

Mozilla says a new Firefox security bug is under active attack - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vdGVjaGNydW5jaC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9maXJlZm94LXNlY3VyaXR5LWJ1Zy16ZXJvLWRheS_SAQA?oc=5
https://techcrunch.com

Weinstein judge won't step down despite defense's request - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9saWZlc3R5bGUvd2VpbnN0ZWluLWp1ZGdlLXdvbnQtc3RlcC1kb3duLWRlZmVuc2VzLXJlcXVlc3TSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbGlmZXN0eWxlL3dlaW5zdGVpbi1qdWRnZS13b250LXN0ZXAtZG93bi1kZWZlbnNlcy1yZXF1ZXN0LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Fargo Season 4 Trailer Finds Chris Rock Running a 1950s Crime Family - Collider.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiN2h0dHBzOi8vY29sbGlkZXIuY29tL2ZhcmdvLXNlYXNvbi00LXRyYWlsZXItY2hyaXMtcm9jay_SAQA?oc=5
https://collider.com

U.S. Job Growth Cools In December As Employers Add 145000 Jobs - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTQ5OTg1MjcvdS1zLWpvYi1ncm93dGgtY29vbHMtaW4tZGVjZW1iZXItYXMtZW1wbG95ZXJzLWFkZC0xNDUtMDAwLWpvYnPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Iran to analyze black box after missile blamed for crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtaXJhbi1jcmFzaC9pcmFuLXRvLWRvd25sb2FkLXBsYW5lLWJsYWNrLWJveC1hZnRlci1taXNzaWxlLWJsYW1lZC1mb3ItY3Jhc2gtaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBSVNIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWjkwUlQ?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Tens of thousands protest Australian PM's climate policies amid bushfire crisis - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1tb3JyaXNvbi1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1tb3JyaXNvbi1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Hock a loogie in your palm and watch this quirky trailer for Fargo's fourth season - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL2hvY2stYS1sb29naWUtaW4teW91ci1wYWxtLWFuZC13YXRjaC10aGlzLXF1aXJreS10cmFpbGUtMTg0MDkyNjAyONIBXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL2hvY2stYS1sb29naWUtaW4teW91ci1wYWxtLWFuZC13YXRjaC10aGlzLXF1aXJreS10cmFpbGUtMTg0MDkyNjAyOC9hbXA?oc=5
https://news.avclub.com

Lose fat in your tongue to improve sleep apnea, study says - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvdG9uZ3VlLWZhdC1zbGVlcC1hcG5lYS13ZWxsbmVzcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9oZWFsdGgvdG9uZ3VlLWZhdC1zbGVlcC1hcG5lYS13ZWxsbmVzcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Dow hits a new record: 29,000 points - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC_SAU5odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ludmVzdGluZy9kb3ctc3RvY2stbWFya2V0LTI5MDAwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Tesla powering up to dominate China - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3Rlc2xhLXN0b2NrLWNoaW5hLWRvbWluYXRpb24tcG9zc2libGXSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy90ZXNsYS1zdG9jay1jaGluYS1kb21pbmF0aW9uLXBvc3NpYmxlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

CES 2020 Verge Awards: the best tech from the Consumer Electronics Show - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg4NTAvY2VzLTIwMjAtdmVyZ2UtYXdhcmRzLWJlc3QtbGFwdG9wLXR2LXRlY2gtcGMtY29uY2VwdC1nYWRnZXTSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1ODg1MC9jZXMtMjAyMC12ZXJnZS1hd2FyZHMtYmVzdC1sYXB0b3AtdHYtdGVjaC1wYy1jb25jZXB0LWdhZGdldA?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Rep. Doug Collins: Pelosi 'disingenuous,' impeachment to suffer 'quick death' in Senate - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3JlcC1kb3VnLWNvbGxpbnMtcGVsb3NpLW1jY29ubmVsbC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy1hcmVuYS1kaXNpbmdlbnVvdXPSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9tZWRpYS9yZXAtZG91Zy1jb2xsaW5zLXBlbG9zaS1tY2Nvbm5lbGwtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtYXJlbmEtZGlzaW5nZW51b3VzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Harvey Weinstein Rape Trial Defense Team Wants Media Shut Out Of Jury Selection - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLW1lZGlhLXNodXQtb3V0LWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1vdGlvbi0xMjAyODI2NzIyL9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLW1lZGlhLXNodXQtb3V0LWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1vdGlvbi0xMjAyODI2NzIyL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Galaxy S20, Galaxy Bloom, and more tech news you need to know today - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL3RlY2gtbmV3cy0xMy0xMDczNjgzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

Meghan flies back to Canada; Prince Harry in 'crisis' talks with Prince Charles - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbWVnaGFuLWZsaWVzLWJhY2stdG8tY2FuYWRhLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1pbi1jcmlzaXMtdGFsa3Mtd2l0aC1wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzUyMzdjYzU0LTMzOTUtMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Chris Harrison Says He Isn't Against Hannah Brown Being the Star of 'The Bachelorette' Despite Being a 'Train Wreck' - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMingFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2NocmlzLWhhcnJpc29uLXNheXMtaGUtaXNudC1hZ2FpbnN0LWhhbm5haC1icm93bi1iZWluZy10aGUtc3Rhci1vZi10aGUtYmFjaGVsb3JldHRlLWRlc3BpdGUtYmVpbmctYS10cmFpbi13cmVjay5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Trump administration hits Iran with new economic sanctions - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24tYW5ub3VuY2UtbmV3LWVjb25vbWljLXNhbmN0aW9ucy1pcmFuLzQ0Mjk5MzUwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDI5OTM1MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

What Will Prince Harry and Meghan Do Now? - QuickTake by Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TUdveUM3SkdKd2fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump administration hits Iran with fresh sanctions after attack on U.S. forces - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Mike Pompeo: 'We don't know precisely' when or where Soleimani planned to attack - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9tcGVvLXdlLWRvbnQta25vdy1wcmVjaXNlbHktd2hlbi1vci13aGVyZS1zb2xlaW1hbmktcGxhbm5lZC10by1hdHRhY2suaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbXBlby13ZS1kb250LWtub3ctcHJlY2lzZWx5LXdoZW4tb3Itd2hlcmUtc29sZWltYW5pLXBsYW5uZWQtdG8tYXR0YWNrLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Galaxy Fold 2 Might Get an Unexpected Name, S11 Too - Droid Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRyb2lkLWxpZmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcmVwb3J0LWdhbGF4eS1mb2xkLTItaXMtY2FsbGVkLWdhbGF4eS1ibG9vbS1nYWxheHktczExLXdpbGwtZGVmaW5pdGVseS1qdW1wLXRvLXMyMC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.droid-life.com

Vermont bill would ban cellphones for anyone under 21 | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc3RhdGUtd2F0Y2gvNDc3NjU1LXZlcm1vbnQtYmlsbC13b3VsZC1iYW4tY2VsbHBob25lcy1mb3ItYW55b25lLXVuZGVyLTIx0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9zdGF0ZS13YXRjaC80Nzc2NTUtdmVybW9udC1iaWxsLXdvdWxkLWJhbi1jZWxscGhvbmVzLWZvci1hbnlvbmUtdW5kZXItMjE_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

The Supreme Court can review an unfair impeachment trial - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vb3V0bG9vay90aGUtc3VwcmVtZS1jb3VydC1jYW4tcmV2aWV3LWFuLXVuZmFpci1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzAwZGFlOTdjLTMyZmEtMTFlYS05MWZkLTgyZDRlMDRhM2ZhY19zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGpAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9vdXRsb29rL3RoZS1zdXByZW1lLWNvdXJ0LWNhbi1yZXZpZXctYW4tdW5mYWlyLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvMDBkYWU5N2MtMzJmYS0xMWVhLTkxZmQtODJkNGUwNGEzZmFjX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

‘Fargo’ Season 4: FX Drops Trailer, Chris Rock Explains Acting Via the New England Patriots - IndieWire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZGlld2lyZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9mYXJnby1zZWFzb24tNC10cmFpbGVyLXdhdGNoLWNocmlzLXJvY2stdGt0ay0xMjAyMjAyMDE4L9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZGlld2lyZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9mYXJnby1zZWFzb24tNC10cmFpbGVyLXdhdGNoLWNocmlzLXJvY2stdGt0ay0xMjAyMjAyMDE4L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.indiewire.com

‘Chaos Is the Point’: Russian Hackers and Trolls Grow Stealthier in 2020 - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvcnVzc2lhLWhhY2tpbmctZGlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tZWxlY3Rpb24uaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvcnVzc2lhLWhhY2tpbmctZGlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tZWxlY3Rpb24uYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Duchess Meghan returns to Canada to reunite with Archie after bombshell announcement - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy55YWhvby5jb20vZHVjaGVzcy1tZWdoYW4tcmV0dXJucy1jYW5hZGEtcmV1bml0ZS1hcmNoaWUtYm9tYnNoZWxsLWFubm91bmNlbWVudC0xMjI2Mzk0NDYtLWFiYy1uZXdzLWNlbGVicml0aWVzLmh0bWzSAYcBaHR0cHM6Ly9uZXdzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2R1Y2hlc3MtbWVnaGFuLXJldHVybnMtY2FuYWRhLXJldW5pdGUtYXJjaGllLWJvbWJzaGVsbC1hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQtMTIyNjM5NDQ2LS1hYmMtbmV3cy1jZWxlYnJpdGllcy5odG1s?oc=5
https://news.yahoo.com

Trump admin hits Iran with new sanctions, targets 8 officials involved in 'destabilizing activities' - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMioQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9uYXRpb25hbC1zZWN1cml0eS90cnVtcC1hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbi1hbm5vdW5jZXMtc2FuY3Rpb25zLXRhcmdldGluZy1pcmFuaWFuLWxlYWRlcnMtY29uc3RydWN0aW9uLW1hbnVmYWN0dXJpbmctdGV4dGlsZS1uMTExMzQ5NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNDk2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

'x is y': Elon Musk sent a cryptic tweet in response to his partner Grimes as rumors about her apparent pregnancy swirl - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vZWxvbi1tdXNrLXNlbmRzLWNyeXB0aWMtdHdlZXQtYWJvdXQtZ3JpbWVzLXByZWduYW5jeS1ydW1vcnMtMjAyMC0x0gFiaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9lbG9uLW11c2stc2VuZHMtY3J5cHRpYy10d2VldC1hYm91dC1ncmltZXMtcHJlZ25hbmN5LXJ1bW9ycy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

U.S. Says It Won’t Discuss Withdrawing Troops from Iraq, as Iraq’s Leader Requested - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFxLXVzLXRyb29wcy5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYXEtdXMtdHJvb3BzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

A Vermont bill would ban cellphones for anyone under 21 - INSIDER
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmluc2lkZXIuY29tL3Zlcm1vbnQtYmlsbC1jZWxsLXBob25lLWJhbi1tb2JpbGUtMjEtMjAyMC0x0gFEaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdmVybW9udC1iaWxsLWNlbGwtcGhvbmUtYmFuLW1vYmlsZS0yMS0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.insider.com

US firefighters applauded on arrival in Australia | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc1MzctdXMtZmlyZWZpZ2h0ZXJzLWFwcGxhdWRlZC1vbi1hcnJpdmFsLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYdIBamh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc1MzctdXMtZmlyZWZpZ2h0ZXJzLWFwcGxhdWRlZC1vbi1hcnJpdmFsLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYT9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

More generic Zantac drugs recalled as fears linger over cancer risk - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dlbmVyaWMtdmVyc2lvbnMtemFudGFjLXJlY2FsbGVkLWNhbmNlci1mZGEvNDQyOTYzMTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0Mjk2MzEwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Lindsey Graham introduces resolution demanding House send over impeachment articles - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWxpbmRzZXktZ3JhaGFtLWludHJvZHVjZXMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbi1kZW1hbmRpbmctaG91c2Utc2VuZC1vdmVyLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWFydGljbGVzL9IBhwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy90cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1saW5kc2V5LWdyYWhhbS1pbnRyb2R1Y2VzLXJlc29sdXRpb24tZGVtYW5kaW5nLWhvdXNlLXNlbmQtb3Zlci1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

5 things to know for January 10: Iran, Brexit, infrastructure, China, Taiwan - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9maXZlLXRoaW5ncy1qYW51YXJ5LTEwLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvZml2ZS10aGluZ3MtamFudWFyeS0xMC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

US imposes sanctions on Iranian steel and other metals - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy91cy1zYW5jdGlvbnMtaXJhbi1tbnVjaGluL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL3VzLXNhbmN0aW9ucy1pcmFuLW1udWNoaW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Here's where the jobs are — in one chart - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGVyZXMtd2hlcmUtdGhlLWpvYnMtYXJlLWZvci1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWluLW9uZS1jaGFydC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGVyZXMtd2hlcmUtdGhlLWpvYnMtYXJlLWZvci1kZWNlbWJlci0yMDE5LWluLW9uZS1jaGFydC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Pelosi says House not voting on impeachment managers Friday as Senate trial delay continues - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2ktaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdm90ZS1mcmlkYXkvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9saXRpY3MvbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXZvdGUtZnJpZGF5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The Wolf Moon Lunar Eclipse of 2020 Occurs Today: How to Watch Online - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS0yMDIwLXdlYmNhc3RzLmh0bWzSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5zcGFjZS5jb20vYW1wL3dvbGYtbW9vbi1sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlLTIwMjAtd2ViY2FzdHMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Sleep apnea may be tied to tongue fat - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vSGVhbHRoL3NsZWVwLWFwbmVhLXRpZWQtdG9uZ3VlLWZhdC1zdHVkeS1maW5kcy9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE5NDM3N9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vYW1wL0hlYWx0aC9zbGVlcC1hcG5lYS10aWVkLXRvbmd1ZS1mYXQtc3R1ZHktZmluZHMvc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxOTQzNzc?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

U.S. Says It Won’t Discuss Withdrawing Troops from Iraq, as Iraq’s Leader Requested - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91cy10cm9vcHMuaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91cy10cm9vcHMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Kentucky Republicans push restrictive voting law after landmark Democratic win - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL2tlbnR1Y2t5LXJlcHVibGljYW5zLXZvdGVyLWZyYXVk0gFQaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3VzLW5ld3MvMjAyMC9qYW4vMTAva2VudHVja3ktcmVwdWJsaWNhbnMtdm90ZXItZnJhdWQ?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Will Smith calls one role he turned down the 'one that got away' - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtbWF0cml4LWppbW15LWZhbGxvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtbWF0cml4LWppbW15LWZhbGxvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Shanahan vs. Zimmer: Why history and familiarity give the 49ers offense the advantage - Niners Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5pbmVyc25hdGlvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU4NjMwLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2hhbmFoYW4temltbWVyLWdhcm9wcG9sby1tYXRjaHVwcy1raXR0bGXSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5uaW5lcnNuYXRpb24uY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTg2MzAvNDllcnMtdmlraW5ncy1zaGFuYWhhbi16aW1tZXItZ2Fyb3Bwb2xvLW1hdGNodXBzLWtpdHRsZQ?oc=5
https://www.ninersnation.com

The Queen Seen for First Time Since Harry and Meghan News, Looks Angry - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtZHJpdmluZy1sb29rcy11bmhhcHB5LWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1sZWF2aW5nLXJveWFsLWZhbWlseS_SAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcXVlZW4tZWxpemFiZXRoLWRyaXZpbmctbG9va3MtdW5oYXBweS1oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tbGVhdmluZy1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHkv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Coyotes may have attacked Chicagoans twice this week after years of leaving people alone - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NveW90ZXMtbWF5LWhhdmUtYXR0YWNrZWQtY2hpY2Fnb2Fucy10d2ljZS10aGlzLXdlZWstYWZ0ZXIteWVhcnMtbGVhdmluZy1wZW9wbGUtYWxvbmUv0gGXAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY295b3Rlcy1tYXktaGF2ZS1hdHRhY2tlZC1jaGljYWdvYW5zLXR3aWNlLXRoaXMtd2Vlay1hZnRlci15ZWFycy1sZWF2aW5nLXBlb3BsZS1hbG9uZS8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Full Wolf Moon Eclipse 2020: Watch January's Penumbral Lunar Eclipse Live Online - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tZWNsaXBzZS1ob3ctd2F0Y2gtMjAyMC0xNDgxMjQ40gFHaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmV3c3dlZWsuY29tL3dvbGYtbW9vbi1lY2xpcHNlLWhvdy13YXRjaC0yMDIwLTE0ODEyNDg_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Feds: Surveillance video of Epstein's jail cell lost - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MkY4TWxqQmx6dzDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump’s Toledo rally: His taunts of Schiff are like a parody of a bully - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzcxL3RydW1wLXRvbGVkby1yYWxseS1zY2hpZmYtc29sZWltYW5p0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5NzcxL3RydW1wLXRvbGVkby1yYWxseS1zY2hpZmYtc29sZWltYW5p?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Google's Pixel 4 hits its lowest price yet on Amazon - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dvb2dsZS1waXhlbC00LXNhbGUtYW1hem9uL9IBQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9nb29nbGUtcGl4ZWwtNC1zYWxlLWFtYXpvbi8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Pelosi will send articles of impeachment to Senate next week - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGVsb3NpLWFubm91bmNlcy1uZXh0LXN0ZXBzLWZvci10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by1zZW5hdGUuaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BlbG9zaS1hbm5vdW5jZXMtbmV4dC1zdGVwcy1mb3ItdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtdG8tc2VuYXRlLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

How China's Mystery Pneumonia Illness is Different From SARS - QuickTake by Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eUhaVTU4VWJVVkHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The best laptops of CES 2020 - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Vm1ITGtVejQ3NWfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Anthony Davis is questionable for game against Dallas - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9sYWtlcnMvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0wOS9sYWtlcnMtYW50aG9ueS1kYXZpc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

North Carolina man, dubbed the 'Bad Wig Bandit', sought for 3 bank heists - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2JhZC13aWctYmFuZGl0LXNvdWdodC1pbi0zLW5vcnRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWJhbmstaGVpc3Rz0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvYmFkLXdpZy1iYW5kaXQtc291Z2h0LWluLTMtbm9ydGgtY2Fyb2xpbmEtYmFuay1oZWlzdHMuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Video shows the moment of plane crash in Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2NjdHYtdWtyYWluZS1pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9jY3R2LXVrcmFpbmUtaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pelosi prepares to send articles of impeachment to Senate, will consult with Democrats on Tuesday - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9wb2xpdGljcy1uZXdzL3BlbG9zaS1wcmVwYXJlcy1zZW5kLWFydGljbGVzLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXNlbmF0ZS13aWxsLWNvbnN1bHQtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWFib3V0LW4xMTEzNjIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM2MjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Where are the jobs? These sectors hired the most workers in December - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL3doZXJlLWFyZS10aGUtam9icy10aGVzZS1zZWN0b3JzLWhpcmVkLXRoZS1tb3N0LXdvcmtlcnMtaW4tZGVjZW1iZXLSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vbWFya2V0cy93aGVyZS1hcmUtdGhlLWpvYnMtdGhlc2Utc2VjdG9ycy1oaXJlZC10aGUtbW9zdC13b3JrZXJzLWluLWRlY2VtYmVyLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Late for Work 1/10: Pundits' Predictions for Ravens vs. Titans - BaltimoreRavens.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhbHRpbW9yZXJhdmVucy5jb20vbmV3cy9sYXRlLWZvci13b3JrLTEtMTAtcHVuZGl0cy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1mb3ItcmF2ZW5zLXZzLXRpdGFuc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.baltimoreravens.com

CES 2020 recap: Day three - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L2Nlcy0yMDIwLXJlY2FwLWRheS10aHJlZS_SAUFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lbmdhZGdldC5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvY2VzLTIwMjAtcmVjYXAtZGF5LXRocmVlLw?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

First on CNN: Russian warship 'aggressively approached' US destroyer in Arabian Sea - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9ydXNzaWFuLXdhcnNoaXAtdXMtYWlyY3JhZnQtY2Fycmllci12aWRlby9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9ydXNzaWFuLXdhcnNoaXAtdXMtYWlyY3JhZnQtY2Fycmllci12aWRlby9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

An appreciation of the efficient anomaly that is the Lakers - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbi1hcHByZWNpYXRpb24tb2YtdGhlLWVmZmljaWVudC1hbm9tYWx5LXRoYXQtaXMtdGhlLWxha2Vycy0xNjUzMzY4NDMuaHRtbNIBa2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2FuLWFwcHJlY2lhdGlvbi1vZi10aGUtZWZmaWNpZW50LWFub21hbHktdGhhdC1pcy10aGUtbGFrZXJzLTE2NTMzNjg0My5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Lamar Jackson’s Quarterback Guru Teaches High-School English - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvbGFtYXItamFja3NvbnMtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2stZ3VydS10ZWFjaGVzLWhpZ2gtc2Nob29sLWVuZ2xpc2gtMTE1Nzg2NjEyMzTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

R. Kelly 'Survivor' Kitti Jones Dishes Advice to Azriel Clary - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zdXJ2aXZpbmctci1rZWxseS1raXR0aS1qb25lcy1hZHZpY2UtYXpyaWVsLWNsYXJ5LWpveWNlbHluLXNhdmFnZS1maWdodC_SAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3Vydml2aW5nLXIta2VsbHkta2l0dGktam9uZXMtYWR2aWNlLWF6cmllbC1jbGFyeS1qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2UtZmlnaHQv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

People are still dying from mysterious vaping illness, even as outbreak slows - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvcGVvcGxlLWFyZS1zdGlsbC1keWluZy1mcm9tLW15c3RlcmlvdXMtdmFwaW5nLWlsbG5lc3MtYXMtb3V0YnJlYWstc2xvd3MuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3Blb3BsZS1hcmUtc3RpbGwtZHlpbmctZnJvbS1teXN0ZXJpb3VzLXZhcGluZy1pbGxuZXNzLWFzLW91dGJyZWFrLXNsb3dzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Trump falsely claims credit for lower cancer rates, faces pushback - MSNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHA6Ly93d3cubXNuYmMuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1tYWRkb3ctc2hvdy90cnVtcC1mYWxzZWx5LWNsYWltcy1jcmVkaXQtbG93ZXItY2FuY2VyLXJhdGVzLWZhY2VzLXB1c2hiYWNr0gFpaHR0cDovL3d3dy5tc25iYy5jb20vcmFjaGVsLW1hZGRvdy1zaG93L3RydW1wLWZhbHNlbHktY2xhaW1zLWNyZWRpdC1sb3dlci1jYW5jZXItcmF0ZXMtZmFjZXMtcHVzaGJhY2svYW1w?oc=5
http://www.msnbc.com

First full moon of the new decade comes with lunar eclipse - WCPO Cincinnati
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndjcG8uY29tL2xpZmVzdHlsZS93b2xmLW1vb24tMjAyMC10aGUtZmlyc3QtZnVsbC1tb29uLW9mLXRoZS1uZXctZGVjYWRlLWNvaW5jaWRlcy13aXRoLWx1bmFyLWVjbGlwc2XSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy53Y3BvLmNvbS9saWZlc3R5bGUvd29sZi1tb29uLTIwMjAtdGhlLWZpcnN0LWZ1bGwtbW9vbi1vZi10aGUtbmV3LWRlY2FkZS1jb2luY2lkZXMtd2l0aC1sdW5hci1lY2xpcHNlP19hbXA9dHJ1ZQ?oc=5
https://www.wcpo.com

Australia's Wildfires Spark Disinformation Battle As They Take A Tragic Toll - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyMTgwOTIvYXVzdHJhbGlhcy13aWxkZmlyZXMtc3BhcmstZGlzaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tYmF0dGxlLWFzLXRoZXktdGFrZS1hLXRyYWdpYy10b2xs0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

R. Kelly's GF Joycelyn Savage Secretly Met Her Family at Courthouse - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9yLWtlbGx5LWdpcmxmcmllbmQtam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlLXNlY3JldC1tZWV0aW5nLWZhbWlseS_SAVhodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvci1rZWxseS1naXJsZnJpZW5kLWpveWNlbHluLXNhdmFnZS1zZWNyZXQtbWVldGluZy1mYW1pbHkv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Pelosi To Send Articles Of Impeachment To Senate Next Week - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUxOTQzOTgvcGVsb3NpLXRvLXNlbmQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtb2YtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdG8tc2VuYXRlLW5leHQtd2Vla9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

'There's something here': teen discovers new planet while interning at Nasa - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3dvbGYtY3VraWVyLW5hc2EtdGVlbi1pbnRlcm4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldNIBXWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3dvbGYtY3VraWVyLW5hc2EtdGVlbi1pbnRlcm4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldA?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

A ‘megafire’ measuring 1.5 million acres forms in Australia as bushfires merge - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWVnYWZpcmUtbWVhc3VyaW5nLTE1LW1pbGxpb24tYWNyZXMtZm9ybXMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2gtZmlyZXMtbWVyZ2Uv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWVnYWZpcmUtbWVhc3VyaW5nLTE1LW1pbGxpb24tYWNyZXMtZm9ybXMtYXVzdHJhbGlhLWJ1c2gtZmlyZXMtbWVyZ2UvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

State Department tells Iraq it will not discuss US troop withdrawal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3RhdGUtZGVwYXJ0bWVudC10ZWxscy1pcmFxLWl0LXdpbGwtbm90LWRpc2N1c3MtdXMtdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvc3RhdGUtZGVwYXJ0bWVudC10ZWxscy1pcmFxLWl0LXdpbGwtbm90LWRpc2N1c3MtdXMtdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Dreamed Of This - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bWE2d3I1bVRzYmfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Dow soars past 29,000 for first time, brushing off weak jobs report - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL21hcmtldHMvZG93LXNvYXJzLXBhc3QtMjktMDAwLWZpcnN0LXRpbWUtYnJ1c2hpbmctd2Vhay1qb2JzLW4xMTEzNDgx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0ODE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Pelosi Alerts House to Be Ready to Send Impeachment Articles Next Week - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcGVsb3NpLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VzL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXBlbG9zaS5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Chris Haynes on Lakers' title chances, Kyrie in Brooklyn and Luka Doncic's future | NBA | THE HERD - The Herd with Colin Cowherd
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dElQWm5yMVc1SkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Conor McGregor releases training footage ahead of return at UFC 246 - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk5ODgvY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItcmVsZWFzZXMtdHJhaW5pbmctZm9vdGFnZS1haGVhZC1vZi1yZXR1cm4tYXQtdWZjLTI0NtIBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTg4L2Nvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLXJlbGVhc2VzLXRyYWluaW5nLWZvb3RhZ2UtYWhlYWQtb2YtcmV0dXJuLWF0LXVmYy0yNDY?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

Meet NASA's first astronaut graduates of the Artemis program, eligible for missions to the moon and Mars - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9uYXNhLWFzdHJvbmF1dC1hcnRlbWlzLWNsYXNzLXNjbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9uYXNhLWFzdHJvbmF1dC1hcnRlbWlzLWNsYXNzLXNjbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Apple Slashes Estimated Trade-In Values of iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Apple Watch Models Overnight - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hcHBsZS1zbGFzaGVzLWVzdGltYXRlZC1kZXZpY2UtdHJhZGUtaW4tdmFsdWVzL9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hcHBsZS1zbGFzaGVzLWVzdGltYXRlZC1kZXZpY2UtdHJhZGUtaW4tdmFsdWVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

Kevin Durant, Kendrick Perkins feud on Twitter over 'weakest move in NBA history' and OKC's greatest player - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25iYS9uZXdzL2tldmluLWR1cmFudC1rZW5kcmljay1wZXJraW5zLWZldWQtb24tdHdpdHRlci1vdmVyLXdlYWtlc3QtbW92ZS1pbi1uYmEtaGlzdG9yeS1hbmQtb2tjcy1ncmVhdGVzdC1wbGF5ZXIv0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmJhL25ld3Mva2V2aW4tZHVyYW50LWtlbmRyaWNrLXBlcmtpbnMtZmV1ZC1vbi10d2l0dGVyLW92ZXItd2Vha2VzdC1tb3ZlLWluLW5iYS1oaXN0b3J5LWFuZC1va2NzLWdyZWF0ZXN0LXBsYXllci9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Missile 'highly likely' took down Ukraine flight in Tehran - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9YkFUOG1Vdnl2aknSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

California plans to launch own prescription drug label | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NDk0LWNhbGlmb3JuaWEtcGxhbnMtdG8tbGF1bmNoLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2hlYWx0aGNhcmUvNDc3NDk0LWNhbGlmb3JuaWEtcGxhbnMtdG8tbGF1bmNoLW93bi1wcmVzY3JpcHRpb24tZHJ1Zy1sYWJlbD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

CBP Says Enforcement Actions At U.S.-Mexico Border Down For 7th Straight Month - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUxNTY5NTgvY2JwLXNheXMtZW5mb3JjZW1lbnQtYWN0aW9ucy1hdC11LXMtbWV4aWNvLWJvcmRlci1kb3duLWZvci03dGgtc3RyYWlnaHQtbW9udGjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Dow Jones Higher Despite Weak Jobs Report; Intel Leads, But Walmart Weighs - Investor's Business Daily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnZlc3RvcnMuY29tL21hcmtldC10cmVuZC9zdG9jay1tYXJrZXQtdG9kYXkvZG93LWpvbmVzLWluZHVzdHJpYWwtYXZlcmFnZS1sb3dlci13ZWFrLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0LWNvc3Rjby1pbnRlbC13YWxtYXJ0L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.investors.com

Judge Comes Down Harshly on Harvey Weinstein Team’s Attempt to Ban Media From Jury Selection - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1lZGlhLTEyMDM0NjMwMzgv0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly92YXJpZXR5LmNvbS8yMDIwL2ZpbG0vbmV3cy9oYXJ2ZXktd2VpbnN0ZWluLXJhcGUtdHJpYWwtanVyeS1zZWxlY3Rpb24tbWVkaWEtMTIwMzQ2MzAzOC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://variety.com

Machine keeping man alive after flu complications leave him in critical condition - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vZm94OC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9tYWNoaW5lLWtlZXBpbmctbWFuLWFsaXZlLWFmdGVyLWZsdS1jb21wbGljYXRpb25zLWxlYXZlLWhpbS1pbi1jcml0aWNhbC1jb25kaXRpb24v0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly9mb3g4LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL21hY2hpbmUta2VlcGluZy1tYW4tYWxpdmUtYWZ0ZXItZmx1LWNvbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMtbGVhdmUtaGltLWluLWNyaXRpY2FsLWNvbmRpdGlvbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fox8.com

College professor fired for joking about Trump's 52 cultural sites tweet - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL2NvbGxlZ2UtcHJvZmVzc29yLWZpcmVkLXRydW1wLTUyLWN1bHR1cmFsLXNpdGVzLXR3ZWV0LWpva2XSAWpodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9jb2xsZWdlLXByb2Zlc3Nvci1maXJlZC10cnVtcC01Mi1jdWx0dXJhbC1zaXRlcy10d2VldC1qb2tl?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Marianne Williamson ends 2020 presidential campaign - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9tYXJpYW5uZS13aWxsaWFtc29uLWVuZHMtMjAyMC1jYW1wYWlnbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9tYXJpYW5uZS13aWxsaWFtc29uLWVuZHMtMjAyMC1jYW1wYWlnbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Prince Harry feared his mental health was at risk ahead of Megxit - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktZmVhcmVkLWhpcy1tZW50YWwtaGVhbHRoLXdhcy1hdC1yaXNrLWFoZWFkLW9mLW1lZ3hpdC_SAWVodHRwczovL3BhZ2VzaXguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWZlYXJlZC1oaXMtbWVudGFsLWhlYWx0aC13YXMtYXQtcmlzay1haGVhZC1vZi1tZWd4aXQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Prince Charles threatens to cut off funding to Prince Harry and Meghan - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy10aHJlYXRlbnMtdG8tY3V0LW9mZi1mdW5kaW5nLXRvLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuL9IBamh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wcmluY2UtY2hhcmxlcy10aHJlYXRlbnMtdG8tY3V0LW9mZi1mdW5kaW5nLXRvLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

NASA graduates new class of astronauts to join Artemis-era missions - collectSPACE.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHA6Ly93d3cuY29sbGVjdHNwYWNlLmNvbS9uZXdzL25ld3MtMDExMDIwYS1uYXNhLWFzdHJvbmF1dC1jbGFzcy10dXJ0bGVzLWdyYWR1YXRpb24uaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
http://www.collectspace.com

Marianne Williamson Drops Out of 2020 Race - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcGluZy1vdXQuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcGluZy1vdXQuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

'Doctor Strange' director Scott Derrickson: 'Marvel and I have mutually agreed to part ways' - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9tb3ZpZXMvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9kb2N0b3Itc3RyYW5nZS1kaXJlY3Rvci1zY290dC1kZXJyaWNrc29uLWxlYXZlcy1zZXF1ZWwvNDQyOTQzMzAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0Mjk0MzMwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Iran plane crash: Why were so many Canadians on board? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNTMyMjDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA1MzIyMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Florida teacher facing charges, placed on leave after manhandling student: reports - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2Zsb3JpZGEtdGVhY2hlci1jaGFyZ2VkLXdpdGgtYmF0dGVyeS1mb3ItYWxsZWdlZGx5LXBoeXNpY2FsbHktcmVtb3ZpbmctMTQteWVhci1vbGQtZnJvbS1jbGFzc3Jvb23SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvZmxvcmlkYS10ZWFjaGVyLWNoYXJnZWQtd2l0aC1iYXR0ZXJ5LWZvci1hbGxlZ2VkbHktcGh5c2ljYWxseS1yZW1vdmluZy0xNC15ZWFyLW9sZC1mcm9tLWNsYXNzcm9vbS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Doctor Strange Director Scott Derrickson Breaks Silence On Leaving The Multiverse Of Madness - CinemaBlend
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaW5lbWFibGVuZC5jb20vbmV3cy8yNDg4MjA3L2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLWRpcmVjdG9yLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tYnJlYWtzLXNpbGVuY2Utb24tbGVhdmluZy10aGUtbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1vZi1tYWRuZXNz0gGFAWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNpbmVtYWJsZW5kLmNvbS9uZXdzLzI0ODgyMDcvZG9jdG9yLXN0cmFuZ2UtZGlyZWN0b3Itc2NvdHQtZGVycmlja3Nvbi1icmVha3Mtc2lsZW5jZS1vbi1sZWF2aW5nLXRoZS1tdWx0aXZlcnNlLW9mLW1hZG5lc3M?oc=5
https://www.cinemablend.com

Trump Administration Announces Additional Sanctions Against Iran - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyMjQ2NjIvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24tYW5ub3VuY2VzLW1vcmUtZWNvbm9taWMtc2FuY3Rpb25zLWFnYWluc3QtaXJhbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Facebook, Tesla and Netflix comebacks show how investors can overreact to headlines and miss out - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZhY2Vib29rLXRlc2xhLWFuZC1uZXRmbGl4LWNvbWViYWNrcy1zaG93LWhvdy1pbnZlc3RvcnMtY2FuLW92ZXJyZWFjdC10by1oZWFkbGluZXMtYW5kLW1pc3Mtb3V0Lmh0bWzSAYgBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmFjZWJvb2stdGVzbGEtYW5kLW5ldGZsaXgtY29tZWJhY2tzLXNob3ctaG93LWludmVzdG9ycy1jYW4tb3ZlcnJlYWN0LXRvLWhlYWRsaW5lcy1hbmQtbWlzcy1vdXQuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Dangerous storm brings severe weather from tornadoes to snow l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aDdpandJOW5TNVHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Two people attacked by coyotes in Chicago - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eUdCNmluOUN2cWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

'Why are we celebrating her body?': Jillian Michaels slammed for comments about Lizzo - Atlanta Journal Constitution
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vbmV3cy93aHktYXJlLWNlbGVicmF0aW5nLWhlci1ib2R5LWppbGxpYW4tbWljaGFlbHMtc2xhbW1lZC1mb3ItY29tbWVudHMtYWJvdXQtbGl6em8vNFJncDByUDZLUWVWZzNma1YzbXhLTS_SAYcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWpjLmNvbS9uZXdzL3doeS1hcmUtY2VsZWJyYXRpbmctaGVyLWJvZHktamlsbGlhbi1taWNoYWVscy1zbGFtbWVkLWZvci1jb21tZW50cy1hYm91dC1saXp6by80UmdwMHJQNktRZVZnM2ZrVjNteEtNL2FtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.ajc.com

Marianne Williamson drops out of 2020 presidential race - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAtZWxlY3Rpb24vbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQtMjAyMC1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtcmFjZS1uMTExMzY3NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNjc2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Lizzo Issued A NSFW Clapback After Jillian Michaels Commented On Her Health And I'm Clutching My Pearls - BuzzFeed
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1enpmZWVkLmNvbS90ZXJyeWNhcnRlci9saXp6by1yZXNwb25zZS10by1qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWNvbW1lbnRzLW9uLWhlci1oZWFsdGjSAWZodHRwczovL3d3dy5idXp6ZmVlZC5jb20vYW1waHRtbC90ZXJyeWNhcnRlci9saXp6by1yZXNwb25zZS10by1qaWxsaWFuLW1pY2hhZWxzLWNvbW1lbnRzLW9uLWhlci1oZWFsdGg?oc=5
https://www.buzzfeed.com

Cancer risks prompt FDA to recall more heartburn medication - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9yZXRhaWwvZmRhLXJlY2FsbC1yYW5pdGlkaW5lLXRhYmxldHPSAURodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3hidXNpbmVzcy5jb20vcmV0YWlsL2ZkYS1yZWNhbGwtcmFuaXRpZGluZS10YWJsZXRzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

NASA's Newest Astronauts Ready for Space Station, Moon & Mars Missions - NASA/JPL Edu News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5hc2EuZ292L3ByZXNzLXJlbGVhc2UvbmFzYS1zLW5ld2VzdC1hc3Ryb25hdXRzLXJlYWR5LWZvci1zcGFjZS1zdGF0aW9uLW1vb24tYW5kLW1hcnMtbWlzc2lvbnPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.nasa.gov

OnePlus promises to unveil new ‘screen technology’ on January 13th at China event - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAxNTkvb25lcGx1cy1uZXctc2NyZWVuLXRlY2gtc2hlbnpoZW4tY2hpbmEtZXZlbnQtZGF0ZdIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMTU5L29uZXBsdXMtbmV3LXNjcmVlbi10ZWNoLXNoZW56aGVuLWNoaW5hLWV2ZW50LWRhdGU?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

US unsuccessfully targeted another Iranian military official on same day as Soleimani - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy91cy15ZW1lbi1pcmFuLW9wZXJhdGlvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy91cy15ZW1lbi1pcmFuLW9wZXJhdGlvbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

On the day U.S. forces killed Soleimani, they launched another secret operation targeting a senior Iranian official in Yemen - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Women Overtake Men as Majority of U.S. Workforce - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvd29tZW4tb3ZlcnRha2UtbWVuLWFzLW1ham9yaXR5LW9mLXUtcy13b3JrZm9yY2UtMTE1Nzg2NzA2MTXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

US government-funded Android phones allegedly come with Chinese malware preinstalled - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1mdW5kZWQtcGhvbmVzLWNvbWUtd2l0aC1jaGluZXNlLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlLWluc3RhbGxlZC_SAWlodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvdXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1mdW5kZWQtcGhvbmVzLWNvbWUtd2l0aC1jaGluZXNlLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlLWluc3RhbGxlZC8?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Marianne Williamson Drops Out of 2020 Race - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Will Smith admits he was 'not happy' with this sequel - Yahoo Celebrity
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3dpbGwtc21pdGgtYWRtaXRzLWhlLXdhcy1ub3QtaGFwcHktd2l0aC10aGlzLXNlcXVlbC0wNzM0NDI1NzUuaHRtbNIBbmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvd2lsbC1zbWl0aC1hZG1pdHMtaGUtd2FzLW5vdC1oYXBweS13aXRoLXRoaXMtc2VxdWVsLTA3MzQ0MjU3NS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trump administration announces new sanctions on Iran | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3Njg4LXRydW1wLWFkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLWFubm91bmNlcy1uZXctc2FuY3Rpb25zLW9uLWlyYW7SAWtodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3NzY4OC10cnVtcC1hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbi1hbm5vdW5jZXMtbmV3LXNhbmN0aW9ucy1vbi1pcmFuP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Matt Serra and Jim Norton predict McGregor vs Cowboy - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9QkZHTHJ2RXdQX03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Cuomo: How could Iran have made this fatal mistake? - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vdmlkZW9zL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC12aWRlby1hdmlhdGlvbi1taWxpdGFyeS1hbmFseXNpcy1jcHQtdnB4LmNubtIBbWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uL3ZpZGVvcy93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtdmlkZW8tYXZpYXRpb24tbWlsaXRhcnktYW5hbHlzaXMtY3B0LXZweC5jbm4?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard and this season’s vaccine is a poor match - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91bnVzdWFsLWZsdS12aXJ1cy1pcy1oaXR0aW5nLWNoaWxkcmVuLWhhcmQtdGhpcy1zZWFzb25zLXZhY2NpbmUtaXMtcG9vci1tYXRjaC_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL2hlYWx0aC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VudXN1YWwtZmx1LXZpcnVzLWlzLWhpdHRpbmctY2hpbGRyZW4taGFyZC10aGlzLXNlYXNvbnMtdmFjY2luZS1pcy1wb29yLW1hdGNoLz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Aviation expert outraged at Iran in wake of airline tragedy - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SFBDSV9Ya1QyQjjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

US imposes fresh sanctions on Iran after Iraq attack: Mnuchin - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2ltcG9zZXMtc2FuY3Rpb25zLWlyYW4taXJhcS1hdHRhY2stbW51Y2hpbi0yMDAxMTAxNTU3NTAzNjguaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9pbXBvc2VzLXNhbmN0aW9ucy1pcmFuLWlyYXEtYXR0YWNrLW1udWNoaW4tMjAwMTEwMTU1NzUwMzY4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Joaquin Phoenix & Other Stars Join Jane Fonda's Climate Protest | LIVE | NowThis - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NTlGYjB6Tk54eVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Patriots OC McDaniels meets with Browns about coaching gig - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9wYXRyaW90cy1vYy1tY2RhbmllbHMtbWVldHMtd2l0aC1icm93bnMtYWJvdXQtY29hY2hpbmctZ2ln0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vc3BvcnRzL3BhdHJpb3RzLW9jLW1jZGFuaWVscy1tZWV0cy13aXRoLWJyb3ducy1hYm91dC1jb2FjaGluZy1naWcuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Joaquin Phoenix, Martin Sheen Detained at Jane Fonda's Protest - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWpvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1maXJlLWRyaWxsLWZyaWRheS1wcm90ZXN0LWFycmVzdC_SAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvamFuZS1mb25kYS1qb2FxdWluLXBob2VuaXgtZmlyZS1kcmlsbC1mcmlkYXktcHJvdGVzdC1hcnJlc3Qv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Iraq tells U.S. to lay down "mechanisms" for troop withdrawal - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaXJhcS10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLXByaW1lLW1pbmlzdGVyLWFkZWwtYWJkdWwtbWFoZGktcG9tcGVvLXBob25lLWNhbGwtaXJhbi1zdHJpa2Uv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvaXJhcS10cm9vcC13aXRoZHJhd2FsLXByaW1lLW1pbmlzdGVyLWFkZWwtYWJkdWwtbWFoZGktcG9tcGVvLXBob25lLWNhbGwtaXJhbi1zdHJpa2Uv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Dow surpasses 29,000 for first time | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2ZpbmFuY2UvNDc3NzA3LWRvdy1zdXJwYXNzZXMtMjkwMDAtZm9yLWZpcnN0LXRpbWXSAVBodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL3BvbGljeS9maW5hbmNlLzQ3NzcwNy1kb3ctc3VycGFzc2VzLTI5MDAwLWZvci1maXJzdC10aW1lP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

U.S. stocks slip after jobs data but not before Dow hit 29,000 for first time - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9kb3ctc2V0LXRvLTI5MDAwLWFzLXdhbGwtc3RyZWV0LWF3YWl0cy1rZXktam9icy1yZXBvcnQtMjAyMC0wMS0xMNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC84RUZEQjIxQy0zMzk5LTExRUEtODdEMy0yRjBERkQ1RDMxOEI?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Kendrick Perkins rips 'coward' Kevin Durant for joining Warriors - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Nvd2FyZC1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQtZmV1ZC1zdWxsaWVzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2VzdGJyb29rLWNlbGVicmF0aW9uL9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Nvd2FyZC1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQtZmV1ZC1zdWxsaWVzLXJ1c3NlbGwtd2VzdGJyb29rLWNlbGVicmF0aW9uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Fossil Reveals Earth's Oldest Known Animal Guts They say you should trust your gut, which is - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy90ZWNobm9sb2d5L2Zvc3NpbC1yZXZlYWxzLWVhcnRocy1vbGRlc3Qta25vd24tYW5pbWFsLWd1dHMvYXItQkJZT1BZVNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

17-year-old NASA intern makes stunning discovery - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvMTcteWVhci1vbGQtbmFzYS1pbnRlcm4tc3R1bm5pbmctZGlzY292ZXJ50gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vc2NpZW5jZS8xNy15ZWFyLW9sZC1uYXNhLWludGVybi1zdHVubmluZy1kaXNjb3ZlcnkuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

U.S. Rejects Iraqi Demand to Withdraw Troops. Can We Do That? - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvaXJhcS13aXRoZHJhd2FsLXRyb29wcy1zdGF0dXMtb2YtZm9yY2VzLmh0bWzSAVdodHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL2lyYXEtd2l0aGRyYXdhbC10cm9vcHMtc3RhdHVzLW9mLWZvcmNlcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Kevin Durant defends legacy, decision to join Nets in Twitter exchanges - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU3NzA1L2tldmluLWR1cmFudC1kZWZlbmRzLWxlZ2FjeS1kZWNpc2lvbi1qb2luLW5ldHMtdHdpdHRlci1leGNoYW5nZXPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uYmEvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1NzcwNS9rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQtZGVmZW5kcy1sZWdhY3ktZGVjaXNpb24tam9pbi1uZXRzLXR3aXR0ZXItZXhjaGFuZ2VzP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

First SLS core stage ready for shipment - SpaceNews
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vc3BhY2VuZXdzLmNvbS9maXJzdC1zbHMtY29yZS1zdGFnZS1yZWFkeS1mb3Itc2hpcG1lbnQv0gEA?oc=5
https://spacenews.com

Third vaping-related death reported in Michigan - MLive.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1saXZlLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvdGhpcmQtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGgtcmVwb3J0ZWQtaW4tbWljaGlnYW4uaHRtbNIBZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1saXZlLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvdGhpcmQtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGgtcmVwb3J0ZWQtaW4tbWljaGlnYW4uaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.mlive.com

Women Now Make Up the Majority of the U.S. Labor Force - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3dvbWVuLXN0YW5kLW91dC1pbi1vdGhlcndpc2UtbWlkZGxpbmctdS1zLWRlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J00gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmxvb21iZXJnLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3dvbWVuLXN0YW5kLW91dC1pbi1vdGhlcndpc2UtbWlkZGxpbmctdS1zLWRlY2VtYmVyLWpvYnMtcmVwb3J0?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Jobs Report Offers Little Reason for Fed to Change Its View - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvam9icy1yZXBvcnQtb2ZmZXJzLWxpdHRsZS1yZWFzb24tZm9yLWZlZC10by1jaGFuZ2UtaXRzLXZpZXctMTE1Nzg2NjQ4OTXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

US is not willing to withdraw troops from Iraq, says Pompeo - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3VzLW5vdC13aWxsaW5nLXRvLXdpdGhkcmF3LXRyb29wcy1mcm9tLWlyYXEtbWlrZS1wb21wZW_SAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC91cy1ub3Qtd2lsbGluZy10by13aXRoZHJhdy10cm9vcHMtZnJvbS1pcmFxLW1pa2UtcG9tcGVv?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Divisional Round NFL Picks: Why it's a great weekend for the unders, plus more best bets - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1uZmwtcGlja3Mtd2h5LWl0cy1hLWdyZWF0LXdlZWtlbmQtZm9yLXRoZS11bmRlcnMtcGx1cy1tb3JlLWJlc3QtYmV0cy_SAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2RpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtbmZsLXBpY2tzLXdoeS1pdHMtYS1ncmVhdC13ZWVrZW5kLWZvci10aGUtdW5kZXJzLXBsdXMtbW9yZS1iZXN0LWJldHMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Alphabet’s Controversial Chief Legal Officer, David Drummond, Leaves Company - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvamlsbGlhbmRvbmZyby8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FscGhhYmV0LWNoaWVmLWxlZ2FsLW9mZmljZXItZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtbGVhdmVzLWNvbXBhbnkv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9qaWxsaWFuZG9uZnJvLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYWxwaGFiZXQtY2hpZWYtbGVnYWwtb2ZmaWNlci1kYXZpZC1kcnVtbW9uZC1sZWF2ZXMtY29tcGFueS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Chris Harrison Called Hannah Brown a “Train Wreck” and Revealed If He’d Have Her Back on ‘The Bachelorette’ - Cosmopolitan.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvc21vcG9saXRhbi5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnMvYTMwNDcwOTkwL2NocmlzLWhhcnJpc29uLWhhbm5haC1icm93bi10cmFpbi13cmVjay1iYWNoZWxvcmV0dGUtdHdpdHRlci_SAXtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb3Ntb3BvbGl0YW4uY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvY2VsZWJzL2FtcDMwNDcwOTkwL2NocmlzLWhhcnJpc29uLWhhbm5haC1icm93bi10cmFpbi13cmVjay1iYWNoZWxvcmV0dGUtdHdpdHRlci8?oc=5
https://www.cosmopolitan.com

Hungary Says It Will Offer Free Fertility Treatments To Counter Population Decline - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyMTEyMTEvaHVuZ2FyeS1zYXlzLWl0LXdpbGwtb2ZmZXItZnJlZS1mZXJ0aWxpdHktdHJlYXRtZW50cy10by1jb3VudGVyLXBvcHVsYXRpb24tZGVjbGnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Australia bushfire crews battle mega blaze near Snowy Mountains - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hdXN0cmFsaWEtNTEwNTIwNDLSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLWF1c3RyYWxpYS01MTA1MjA0Mg?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Is Selena Gomez’s New Album Rare About Justin Bieber or the Weeknd? - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbHlyaWNzLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXItdGhlLXdlZWtuZC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudnVsdHVyZS5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbHlyaWNzLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXItdGhlLXdlZWtuZC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Joaquin Phoenix, Martin Sheen Among Those Arrested As Jane Fonda Leads Final D.C. Climate Protest - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL2RlYWRsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL2pvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1tYXJ0aW4tc2hlZW4tYW1vbmctdGhvc2UtYXJyZXN0ZWQtYXMtamFuZS1mb25kYS1sZWFkcy1maW5hbC1kLWMtY2xpbWF0ZS1wcm90ZXN0LTEyMDI4MjY3MDEv0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvam9hcXVpbi1waG9lbml4LW1hcnRpbi1zaGVlbi1hbW9uZy10aG9zZS1hcnJlc3RlZC1hcy1qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWxlYWRzLWZpbmFsLWQtYy1jbGltYXRlLXByb3Rlc3QtMTIwMjgyNjcwMS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Joaquin Phoenix, fresh off Golden Globes win, arrested at Jane Fonda's climate change protest - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9jZWxlYnJpdGllcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2pvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1hcnJlc3RlZC1qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLXByb3Rlc3QvNDQzMTUyMTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MzE1MjEwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

How to Watch Today's Wolf Moon Eclipse From Your Desk - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vaG93LXRvLXdhdGNoLXRvZGF5cy13b2xmLW1vb24tZWNsaXBzZS1mcm9tLXlvdXItZGVzay0xODQwOTMxMTEx0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9saWZlaGFja2VyLmNvbS9ob3ctdG8td2F0Y2gtdG9kYXlzLXdvbGYtbW9vbi1lY2xpcHNlLWZyb20teW91ci1kZXNrLTE4NDA5MzExMTEvYW1w?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

NASA’s newest astronaut class, the Turtles, become eligible for space missions - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAwMTQvbmFzYS1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2xhc3MtdHVydGxlcy1hcnRlbWlzLWdlbmVyYXRpb24tZ3JhZHVhdGlvbtIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMDE0L25hc2EtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLXR1cnRsZXMtYXJ0ZW1pcy1nZW5lcmF0aW9uLWdyYWR1YXRpb24?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Pompeo rebuffs Iraqi leader's demand for US troop withdrawal as critics warn of ISIS resurgence - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaXJhcWktcG0tdGVsbHMtbWlrZS1wb21wZW8tZGVjaWRlLWhvdy13aXRoZHJhdy10cm9vcHMvNDQyOTM1MDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MjkzNTAwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

UFC 246 Free Fight: Maycee Barber vs Hannah Cifers - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SUtXTzF0X0F2dWPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Report: Josh McDaniels 'wants to come home, has heart set' on coaching Cleveland Browns - WKYC.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53a3ljLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3Nwb3J0cy9uZmwvYnJvd25zL3JlcG9ydC1qb3NoLW1jZGFuaWVscy13YW50cy10by1jb21lLWhvbWUtdG8tY29hY2gtY2xldmVsYW5kLWJyb3ducy85NS0yZmI0ODQ2NC0xOTRlLTQwOWMtOTE2OS0zMzQ5OTlmMDU1NWXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wkyc.com

Coyote captured in Chicago after wild police pursuit: video - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NveW90ZS1jYXB0dXJlZC1pbi1jaGljYWdvLWFmdGVyLXdpbGQtcG9saWNlLXB1cnN1aXQtdmlkZW8v0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY295b3RlLWNhcHR1cmVkLWluLWNoaWNhZ28tYWZ0ZXItd2lsZC1wb2xpY2UtcHVyc3VpdC12aWRlby9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Today’s best deals: $30 off AirPods 2, Surprise Fire TV Stick 4K sale, Nintendo Switch games, Apple Watch deals, more - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FtYXpvbi1kZWFscy1vZi10aGUtZGF5LW9uLWphbi0xMC_SAUFodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hbWF6b24tZGVhbHMtb2YtdGhlLWRheS1vbi1qYW4tMTAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Pregnant teacher struck in hit-and-run after baby shower, killing unborn child, police say - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9wcmVnbmFudC10ZWFjaGVyLXN0cnVjay1oaXQtcnVuLWFmdGVyLWJhYnktc2hvd2VyLWtpbGxpbmctdW5ib3JuLW4xMTEzNjM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM2MzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Tom Steyer qualifies for Democratic debate after surge in early voting states - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL3RvbS1zdGV5ZXItZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtaW93YS1zdXJnZS1uZXZhZGEtc291dGgtY2Fyb2xpbmHSAW1odHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC90b20tc3RleWVyLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtZGViYXRlLWlvd2Etc3VyZ2UtbmV2YWRhLXNvdXRoLWNhcm9saW5h?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

A Samsung Phone in 2020 With a Removable Battery - Droid Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRyb2lkLWxpZmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDgvYS1zYW1zdW5nLXBob25lLWluLTIwMjAtd2l0aC1hLXJlbW92YWJsZS1iYXR0ZXJ5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.droid-life.com

Severe weather outbreak underway for parts of Central, Southern U.S. as major storm barrels east - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd2VhdGhlci8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLW91dGJyZWFrLXVuZGVyd2F5LXBhcnRzLWNlbnRyYWwtc291dGhlcm4tdXMtbWFqb3Itc3Rvcm0tYmFycmVscy1lYXN0L9IBlQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd2VhdGhlci8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLW91dGJyZWFrLXVuZGVyd2F5LXBhcnRzLWNlbnRyYWwtc291dGhlcm4tdXMtbWFqb3Itc3Rvcm0tYmFycmVscy1lYXN0Lz9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Video shows koalas, other animals hurt in Australia's fires getting treated - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvdmlkZW8tc2hvd3Mta29hbGFzLW90aGVyLWFuaW1hbHMtaHVydC1hdXN0cmFsaWEtcy1maXJlcy1nZXR0aW5nLW4xMTEzNDM20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM0MzY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Samsung's rugged Galaxy XCover Pro includes a swappable battery - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXhjb3Zlci1wcm8v0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZW5nYWRnZXQuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzA4L3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXhjb3Zlci1wcm8v?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

CES 2020 sleep tech: All the products that will help you sleep better - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvY2VzLTIwMjAtc2xlZXAtdGVjaC1hbGwtdGhlLXByb2R1Y3RzLXRoYXQtd2lsbC1oZWxwLXlvdS1zbGVlcC1iZXR0ZXIv0gFqaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2Nlcy0yMDIwLXNsZWVwLXRlY2gtYWxsLXRoZS1wcm9kdWN0cy10aGF0LXdpbGwtaGVscC15b3Utc2xlZXAtYmV0dGVyLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

'Grey's Anatomy': Justin Chambers Leaves as Alex — Final Episode - TVLine
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vdHZsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dyZXlzLWFuYXRvbXktanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZlcy1zZWFzb24tMTYtYWxleC1maW5hbC1lcGlzb2RlL9IBAA?oc=5
https://tvline.com

Marvel Loses Doctor Strange Director | SJU - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cTZHQlU1NmluUmvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

‘Unseasonably strong’ severe storms are headed for Houston, weather forecast predicts - Chron
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNocm9uLmNvbS9uZXdzL2hvdXN0b24td2VhdGhlci9hcnRpY2xlL3NldmVyZS1zdG9ybXMtc3Ryb25nLU5XUy1mb3JlY2FzdC1jb2xkLWZyb250LTE0OTY0NjY3LnBocNIBaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNocm9uLmNvbS9uZXdzL2hvdXN0b24td2VhdGhlci9hbXAvc2V2ZXJlLXN0b3Jtcy1zdHJvbmctTldTLWZvcmVjYXN0LWNvbGQtZnJvbnQtMTQ5NjQ2NjcucGhw?oc=5
https://www.chron.com

Samsung Rumored to Pull off Potentially Unpopular Move – Omitting 120Hz Displays From Its Galaxy S20 Family - Wccftech
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd2NjZnRlY2guY29tL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMyMC0xMjBoei1yZWZyZXNoLXJhdGUtcmVtb3ZhbC_SAUdodHRwczovL3djY2Z0ZWNoLmNvbS9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1zMjAtMTIwaHotcmVmcmVzaC1yYXRlLXJlbW92YWwvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://wccftech.com

Justin Chambers Leaving ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ After 15 Years - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZpbmctZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1leGl0LTE1LXllYXJzLTE2LXNlYXNvbnMtYWxleC1rYXJldi1hYmMtMTIwMjgyNjg3Ni_SAXpodHRwczovL2RlYWRsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL2p1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1sZWF2aW5nLWdyZXlzLWFuYXRvbXktZXhpdC0xNS15ZWFycy0xNi1zZWFzb25zLWFsZXgta2FyZXYtYWJjLTEyMDI4MjY4NzYvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Severe Storms Are Expected To Roll Into The Austin Area Friday Evening - KUT
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmt1dC5vcmcvcG9zdC9zZXZlcmUtc3Rvcm1zLWFyZS1leHBlY3RlZC1yb2xsLWF1c3Rpbi1hcmVhLWZyaWRheS1ldmVuaW5n0gEA?oc=5
https://www.kut.org

U.S. Jobs Trail Forecasts; Wages Rise Least Since Mid-2018 - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3Utcy1wYXlyb2xscy10cmFpbC1mb3JlY2FzdHMtd2FnZXMtcmlzZS1sZWFzdC1zaW5jZS1taWQtMjAxONIBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC91LXMtcGF5cm9sbHMtdHJhaWwtZm9yZWNhc3RzLXdhZ2VzLXJpc2UtbGVhc3Qtc2luY2UtbWlkLTIwMTg?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

U.S.-Iran Tensions Ripple Throughout Middle East | NBC News NOW - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Q01oM2R0Z0NubUHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Prepare for severe weather this weekend: Massive storm to bring tornadoes, floods, snow, ice - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dlYXRoZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93ZWVrZW5kLXNldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLW9rbGFob21hLXRleGFzLXNvdXRoLzQ0MzI3NzEwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDMyNzcxMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Alphabet’s top lawyer is leaving with no exit package following misconduct scandals - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAzMjEvZ29vZ2xlLWFscGhhYmV0LWRhdmlkLWRydW1tb25kLWxhd3llci1jaGllZi1sZWdhbC1vZmZpY2VyLXJlc2lnbnPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDMyMS9nb29nbGUtYWxwaGFiZXQtZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtbGF3eWVyLWNoaWVmLWxlZ2FsLW9mZmljZXItcmVzaWducw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Pelosi Alerts House to Be Ready to Send Impeachment Articles Next Week - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcGVsb3NpLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Video shows the moment of plane crash in Iran - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2NjdHYtdWtyYWluZS1pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

On the day U.S. forces killed Soleimani, they launched another secret operation targeting a senior Iranian official in Yemen - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMi6wFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvbmF0aW9uYWwtc2VjdXJpdHkvb24tdGhlLWRheS11cy1mb3JjZXMta2lsbGVkLXNvbGVpbWFuaS10aGV5LWxhdW5jaGVkLWFub3RoZXItc2VjcmV0LW9wZXJhdGlvbi10YXJnZXRpbmctYS1zZW5pb3ItaXJhbmlhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1pbi15ZW1lbi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzYwZjg2ZGJjLTMyNDUtMTFlYS04OThmLWViODQ2YjdlOWZlYl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Severe weather this weekend could bring snow, ice, tornadoes to central and eastern U.S., record warm temperatures to Northeast - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdG9ybmFkb2VzLWljZS1zbm93LXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC1jZW50cmFsLWFuZC1lYXN0ZXJuLXVzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

U.S. Says It Won’t Discuss Withdrawing Troops From Iraq, as Iraq’s Leader Requested - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91cy10cm9vcHMuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Boeing Employees Mocked F.A.A. and ‘Clowns’ Who Designed 737 Max - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLTczNy1tZXNzYWdlcy5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Video from Epstein’s first apparent suicide attempt lost due to ‘technical errors,’ prosecutors say - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vbmF0aW9uLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvdmlkZW8tZXBzdGVpbnMtZmlyc3QtYXBwYXJlbnQtc3VpY2lkZS1hdHRlbXB0LWxvc3QtZHVlLXRlY2huaWNhbC1lcnJvcnMtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtc2F5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

North Carolina man, dubbed the 'Bad Wig Bandit', sought for 3 bank heists - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL2JhZC13aWctYmFuZGl0LXNvdWdodC1pbi0zLW5vcnRoLWNhcm9saW5hLWJhbmstaGVpc3Rz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Coyote captured in Chicago after wild police pursuit: video - New York Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NveW90ZS1jYXB0dXJlZC1pbi1jaGljYWdvLWFmdGVyLXdpbGQtcG9saWNlLXB1cnN1aXQtdmlkZW8v0gEA?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Oprah Winfrey says she supports Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on Megxit - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9vcHJhaC13aW5mcmV5LWFkdmlzZWQtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LWFuZC1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLW9uLW1lZ3hpdC_SAQA?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

Tens of thousands protest Australian PM's climate policies amid bushfire crisis - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hdXN0cmFsaWEvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWNsaW1hdGUtcHJvdGVzdC1tb3JyaXNvbi1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

American firefighters arrive in Australia and get cheered at the airport - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS93b3JsZC91cy1maXJlZmlnaHRlcnMtY2hlZXJlZC1haXJwb3J0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

U.S. Jobs Trail Forecasts; Wages Rise Least Since Mid-2018 - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3Utcy1wYXlyb2xscy10cmFpbC1mb3JlY2FzdHMtd2FnZXMtcmlzZS1sZWFzdC1zaW5jZS1taWQtMjAxONIBAA?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Alphabet’s Controversial Chief Legal Officer, David Drummond, Leaves Company - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvamlsbGlhbmRvbmZyby8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FscGhhYmV0LWNoaWVmLWxlZ2FsLW9mZmljZXItZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtbGVhdmVzLWNvbXBhbnkv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Facebook, Tesla and Netflix comebacks show how investors can overreact to headlines and miss out - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZhY2Vib29rLXRlc2xhLWFuZC1uZXRmbGl4LWNvbWViYWNrcy1zaG93LWhvdy1pbnZlc3RvcnMtY2FuLW92ZXJyZWFjdC10by1oZWFkbGluZXMtYW5kLW1pc3Mtb3V0Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Dow hits a new record: 29,000 points - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Today’s best deals: $30 off AirPods 2, Surprise Fire TV Stick 4K sale, Nintendo Switch games, Apple Watch deals, more - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FtYXpvbi1kZWFscy1vZi10aGUtZGF5LW9uLWphbi0xMC_SAQA?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Alienware UFO vs. Nintendo Switch: The biggest differences I noticed - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYWxpZW53YXJlLXVmby12cy1uaW50ZW5kby1zd2l0Y2gtZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMtc3BlY3MtZGVzaWduLWNlcy0yMDIwLTHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

What to Do When Your Budget Android Phone Arrives With Malware - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vd2hhdC10by1kby13aGVuLXlvdXItYnVkZ2V0LWFuZHJvaWQtcGhvbmUtYXJyaXZlcy13aXRoLTE4NDA5MjkyNzHSAQA?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

Is Selena Gomez’s New Album Rare About Justin Bieber or the Weeknd? - Vulture
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZ1bHR1cmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtbHlyaWNzLWp1c3Rpbi1iaWViZXItdGhlLXdlZWtuZC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.vulture.com

Joaquin Phoenix, Martin Sheen Detained at Jane Fonda's Protest - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qYW5lLWZvbmRhLWpvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1maXJlLWRyaWxsLWZyaWRheS1wcm90ZXN0LWFycmVzdC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Justin Chambers Leaving ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ After 15 Years - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZpbmctZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1leGl0LTE1LXllYXJzLTE2LXNlYXNvbnMtYWxleC1rYXJldi1hYmMtMTIwMjgyNjg3Ni_SAQA?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Judge Comes Down Harshly on Harvey Weinstein Team’s Attempt to Ban Media From Jury Selection - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLWp1cnktc2VsZWN0aW9uLW1lZGlhLTEyMDM0NjMwMzgv0gEA?oc=5
https://variety.com

Divisional Round NFL Picks: Why it's a great weekend for the unders, plus more best bets - CBSSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1uZmwtcGlja3Mtd2h5LWl0cy1hLWdyZWF0LXdlZWtlbmQtZm9yLXRoZS11bmRlcnMtcGx1cy1tb3JlLWJlc3QtYmV0cy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Kevin Durant defends legacy, decision to join Nets in Twitter exchanges - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU3NzA1L2tldmluLWR1cmFudC1kZWZlbmRzLWxlZ2FjeS1kZWNpc2lvbi1qb2luLW5ldHMtdHdpdHRlci1leGNoYW5nZXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

An appreciation of the efficient anomaly that is the Lakers - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbi1hcHByZWNpYXRpb24tb2YtdGhlLWVmZmljaWVudC1hbm9tYWx5LXRoYXQtaXMtdGhlLWxha2Vycy0xNjUzMzY4NDMuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Teen discovers new planet while interning with NASA - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMveW9yay10ZWVuLWRpc2NvdmVycy1wbGFuZXQtaW50ZXJuaW5nLW5hc2Evc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxNjk4OTfSAQA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

The Wolf Moon Lunar Eclipse of 2020 Occurs Today: How to Watch Online - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS0yMDIwLXdlYmNhc3RzLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.space.com

NASA’s newest astronaut class, the Turtles, become eligible for space missions - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAwMTQvbmFzYS1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2xhc3MtdHVydGxlcy1hcnRlbWlzLWdlbmVyYXRpb24tZ3JhZHVhdGlvbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Unusual flu virus is hitting children hard, and this season’s vaccine is a poor match - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9oZWFsdGgvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91bnVzdWFsLWZsdS12aXJ1cy1pcy1oaXR0aW5nLWNoaWxkcmVuLWhhcmQtdGhpcy1zZWFzb25zLXZhY2NpbmUtaXMtcG9vci1tYXRjaC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Trump falsely claims credit for lower cancer rates, faces pushback - MSNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHA6Ly93d3cubXNuYmMuY29tL3JhY2hlbC1tYWRkb3ctc2hvdy90cnVtcC1mYWxzZWx5LWNsYWltcy1jcmVkaXQtbG93ZXItY2FuY2VyLXJhdGVzLWZhY2VzLXB1c2hiYWNr0gEA?oc=5
http://www.msnbc.com

Texas 15-year-old's death is youngest vaping lung injury fatality in the United States - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8wOS9oZWFsdGgvY2RjLXZhcGluZy1sdW5nLWluanVyeS1ldmFsaS10ZWVuLXVwZGF0ZS1ibi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What to Do When Your Budget Android Phone Arrives With Malware - Lifehacker
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vbGlmZWhhY2tlci5jb20vd2hhdC10by1kby13aGVuLXlvdXItYnVkZ2V0LWFuZHJvaWQtcGhvbmUtYXJyaXZlcy13aXRoLTE4NDA5MjkyNzHSAVxodHRwczovL2xpZmVoYWNrZXIuY29tL3doYXQtdG8tZG8td2hlbi15b3VyLWJ1ZGdldC1hbmRyb2lkLXBob25lLWFycml2ZXMtd2l0aC0xODQwOTI5MjcxL2FtcA?oc=5
https://lifehacker.com

Justin Chambers Is Leaving ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ After Playing Dr Alex Karev for 15 Years - Yahoo Entertainment
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2p1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1sZWF2aW5nLWdyZXktYW5hdG9teS0xODU3NTU5MjguaHRtbNIBX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWxlYXZpbmctZ3JleS1hbmF0b215LTE4NTc1NTkyOC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

LSU Releases Amazing Hype Video Ahead of National Championship vs. Clemson - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9leHRyYS1tdXN0YXJkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1oeXBlLXZpZGVv0gFeaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvZXh0cmEtbXVzdGFyZC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2xzdS1mb290YmFsbC1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtaHlwZS12aWRlbw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Wolf moon eclipse kicks off the first of 13 full moons in 2020 - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vZm94OC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b2xmLW1vb24tZWNsaXBzZS1raWNrcy1vZmYtdGhlLWZpcnN0LW9mLTEzLWZ1bGwtbW9vbnMtaW4tMjAyMC_SAV9odHRwczovL2ZveDguY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29sZi1tb29uLWVjbGlwc2Uta2lja3Mtb2ZmLXRoZS1maXJzdC1vZi0xMy1mdWxsLW1vb25zLWluLTIwMjAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://fox8.com

Ukrainian Plane Crash In Iran: Here's What The Available Evidence Shows - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyNTIxMzQvdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWluLWlyYW4taGVyZXMtd2hhdC10aGUtYXZhaWxhYmxlLWV2aWRlbmNlLXNob3dz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

GREAT AGAIN: Record Number of Americans Employed, Unemployment at 3.5%, Lowest in 50 Years - Sean Hannity
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vaGFubml0eS5jb20vbWVkaWEtcm9vbS9ncmVhdC1hZ2Fpbi1yZWNvcmQtbnVtYmVyLW9mLWFtZXJpY2Fucy1lbXBsb3llZC11bmVtcGxveW1lbnQtYXQtMy01LWxvd2VzdC1pbi01MC15ZWFycy_SAQA?oc=5
https://hannity.com

Android phone in Lifeline program allegedly comes with malware preinstalled - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtZ292ZXJubWVudC1mdW5kZWQtcGhvbmVzLWNvbWUtd2l0aC1jaGluZXNlLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlLWluc3RhbGxlZC_SAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvYW5kcm9pZC1waG9uZS1pbi1saWZlbGluZS1wcm9ncmFtLWFsbGVnZWRseS1jb21lcy13aXRoLW1hbHdhcmUtcHJlaW5zdGFsbGVkLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

House poised to move Trump impeachment charges to Senate next week - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXVzYS10cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC9wZWxvc2ktd2lsbC1ub3Qtc2VuZC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by1zZW5hdGUtb24tZnJpZGF5LWlkVVNLQk4xWjkxUjXSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MVI1?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

FBI hunting 'Bad Wig Bandit' who robbed three NC banks - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZiaS1odW50aW5nLWJhZC13aWctYmFuZGl0LXdoby1yb2JiZWQtdGhyZWUtbmMtYmFua3Mv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmJpLWh1bnRpbmctYmFkLXdpZy1iYW5kaXQtd2hvLXJvYmJlZC10aHJlZS1uYy1iYW5rcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Walmart and Kroger are reportedly interested in buying Grubhub — but the struggling food-delivery startup.. - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL21hcmtldHMuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b2Nrcy93YWxtYXJ0LWtyb2dlci1pbnRlcmVzdGVkLWJ1eWluZy1ncnViaHViLWRlbGl2ZXJ5LXN0YXJ0dXAtZGVuaWVkLXNhbGUtcmVwb3J0cy0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwODk5ONIBjAFodHRwczovL21hcmtldHMuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy93YWxtYXJ0LWtyb2dlci1pbnRlcmVzdGVkLWJ1eWluZy1ncnViaHViLWRlbGl2ZXJ5LXN0YXJ0dXAtZGVuaWVkLXNhbGUtcmVwb3J0cy0yMDIwLTEtMTAyODgwODk5OA?oc=5
https://markets.businessinsider.com

Selena Gomez - Rare (Official Music Video) - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aWExaXVYYkVhWVHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Betting public overwhelmingly siding with LSU - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NoYWxrL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTgyMjcvYmV0dGluZy1wdWJsaWMtb3ZlcndoZWxtaW5nbHktc2lkaW5nLWxzddIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL2NoYWxrL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NTgyMjcvYmV0dGluZy1wdWJsaWMtb3ZlcndoZWxtaW5nbHktc2lkaW5nLWxzdT9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Look: Kevin Durant, Kendrick Perkins Beef on Twitter During Westbrook Debate - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA2MjItbG9vay1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQta2VuZHJpY2stcGVya2lucy1iZWVmLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItZHVyaW5nLXdlc3Ricm9vay1kZWJhdGXSAYYBaHR0cHM6Ly9zeW5kaWNhdGlvbi5ibGVhY2hlcnJlcG9ydC5jb20vYW1wLzI4NzA2MjItbG9vay1rZXZpbi1kdXJhbnQta2VuZHJpY2stcGVya2lucy1iZWVmLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItZHVyaW5nLXdlc3Ricm9vay1kZWJhdGUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

What Made the USF Job Right for Clemson's Jeff Scott? A Big Assist From Dabo Swinney - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvamVmZi1zY290dC11c2YtY2xlbXNvbi1kYWJvLXN3aW5uZXnSAU5odHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC9jb2xsZWdlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvamVmZi1zY290dC11c2YtY2xlbXNvbi1kYWJvLXN3aW5uZXk?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Doctor Strange sequel is shaping up to be Marvel’s most intriguing movie - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTc1L2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1tYWRuZXNzLWRpc25leS1wbHVzLW1hcnZlbC1sb2tpLXdhbmRhdmlzaW9u0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTc1L2RvY3Rvci1zdHJhbmdlLXNjb3R0LWRlcnJpY2tzb24tbXVsdGl2ZXJzZS1tYWRuZXNzLWRpc25leS1wbHVzLW1hcnZlbC1sb2tpLXdhbmRhdmlzaW9u?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Protesters form flash mob outside Harvey Weinstein rape trial in New York - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9wcm90ZXN0ZXJzLWZvcm0tZmxhc2gtbW9iLW91dHNpZGUtaGFydmV5LXdlaW5zdGVpbi1yYXBlLXRyaWFsLW5ldy1uMTExMzY2MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNjYx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Jeffrey Epstein: Jail cell video of sex offender's first suicide attempt goes missing - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLWphaWwtY2VsbC12aWRlby1vZi1zZXgtb2ZmZW5kZXJzLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC1nb2VzLW1pc3Npbmcv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvamVmZnJleS1lcHN0ZWluLWphaWwtY2VsbC12aWRlby1vZi1zZXgtb2ZmZW5kZXJzLWZpcnN0LXN1aWNpZGUtYXR0ZW1wdC1nb2VzLW1pc3Npbmcv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Record 158803000 Americans Employed; 1.85M Year-to-Year Increase - CNSNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vY25zbmV3cy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uYXRpb25hbC9zdXNhbi1qb25lcy9yZWNvcmQtMTU4ODAzMDAwLWFtZXJpY2Fucy1lbXBsb3llZC0xODVtLXllYXIteWVhci1pbmNyZWFzZdIBAA?oc=5
https://cnsnews.com

While survival rates soar for other cancers, funding gaps limit progress on cervical and uterine cancer - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTkwNTIvY2FuY2VyLWRlYXRoLXJhdGVzLWRvd24tdXRlcmluZS1jZXJ2aWNhbC1yZXNlYXJjaC1mdW5kaW5nLXRyZWF0bWVudHPSAX1odHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA1OTA1Mi9jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZXMtZG93bi11dGVyaW5lLWNlcnZpY2FsLXJlc2VhcmNoLWZ1bmRpbmctdHJlYXRtZW50cw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Why did Trump order the killing of Iran's Qassem Suleimani? - Guardian News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bXpQNE82MWRvTk3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

As Australia fires kill animals and destroy property, costs of climate change become clear - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3RoaW5rL29waW5pb24vYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWtpbGwtYW5pbWFscy1kZXN0cm95LXByb3BlcnR5LWNvc3RzLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLWJlY29tZS1uY25hMTExMjU3NtIBLWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3RoaW5rL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMjU3Ng?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

This Firefox vulnerability is so bad, the U.S. government is urging users to patch it immediately - PCWorld
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5wY3dvcmxkLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlLzM1MTM1MzgvbW96aWxsYS1maXJlZm94LXZ1bG5lcmFiaWxpdHktaXMtc28tYmFkLXRoZS11cy1nb3Zlcm5tZW50LWlzLXVyZ2luZy11c2Vycy10by1wYXRjaC1pdC1pbW1lZGlhdGVseS5odG1s0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBjd29ybGQuY29tL2FydGljbGUvMzUxMzUzOC9tb3ppbGxhLWZpcmVmb3gtdnVsbmVyYWJpbGl0eS1pcy1zby1iYWQtdGhlLXVzLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtaXMtdXJnaW5nLXVzZXJzLXRvLXBhdGNoLWl0LWltbWVkaWF0ZWx5LmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.pcworld.com

LSU cancels classes for 2 days around national championship - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfNmMzNDdiYWMtMzNkMS0xMWVhLTkzOTMtMGYyNDVkOGY2OTcwLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

After breakout 2019 season, what's next for Taysom Hill and the Saints? - KSL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtzbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS80NjcwMjIzNi9hZnRlci1icmVha291dC0yMDE5LXNlYXNvbi13aGF0cy1uZXh0LWZvci10YXlzb20taGlsbC1hbmQtdGhlLXNhaW50c9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.ksl.com

Qasem Soleimani: Iran was targeting four US embassies, says Trump - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNjg1NjDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA2ODU2MA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Future of Nissan in doubt, says Carlos Ghosn - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiKmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9idXNpbmVzcy01MTA2NDU5OdIBLmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvYnVzaW5lc3MtNTEwNjQ1OTk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Kevin Durant and Kendrick Perkins get nasty on Twitter for the whole world to see - SF Gate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNmZ2F0ZS5jb20vd2FycmlvcnMvYXJ0aWNsZS9LZXZpbi1EdXJhbnQtS2VuZHJpY2stUGVya2lucy1Ud2l0dGVyLVRodW5kZXItTkJBLTE0OTY1NzEzLnBocNIBYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNmZ2F0ZS5jb20vd2FycmlvcnMvYW1wL0tldmluLUR1cmFudC1LZW5kcmljay1QZXJraW5zLVR3aXR0ZXItVGh1bmRlci1OQkEtMTQ5NjU3MTMucGhw?oc=5
https://www.sfgate.com

Stormont talks: Main NI parties agree power-sharing deal - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay1ub3J0aGVybi1pcmVsYW5kLTUxMDY4Nzc00gE5aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC91ay1ub3J0aGVybi1pcmVsYW5kLTUxMDY4Nzc0?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

U.S. to probe Fitbit, Garmin, other wearable devices after Philips complains - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXVzYS10cmFkZS13ZWFyYWJsZXMvdS1zLXRvLXByb2JlLWZpdGJpdC1nYXJtaW4tb3RoZXItd2VhcmFibGUtZGV2aWNlcy1hZnRlci1waGlsaXBzLWNvbXBsYWlucy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MVlF0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTFZRQ?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Sources - Eagles quarterback Josh McCown played with torn hamstring against Seahawks - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU4Njc1L3NvdXJjZXMtZWFnbGVzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLWpvc2gtbWNjb3duLXBsYXllZC10b3JuLWhhbXN0cmluZy1zZWFoYXdrc9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU4Njc1L3NvdXJjZXMtZWFnbGVzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLWpvc2gtbWNjb3duLXBsYXllZC10b3JuLWhhbXN0cmluZy1zZWFoYXdrcz9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

POLITICO Playbook PM: Pelosi is sending impeachment to the Senate. Here's what's next. - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzbGV0dGVycy9wbGF5Ym9vay1wbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BlbG9zaS1pcy1zZW5kaW5nLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRvLXRoZS1zZW5hdGUtaGVyZXMtd2hhdHMtbmV4dC00ODgwNDLSAQA?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Grubhub Adds ‘Common Sense’ Step After Demands From NY City Council - Eater
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVhdGVyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk4NjkvZ3J1Ymh1Yi1sYXdzdWl0LW5ldy15b3JrLWNpdHktY291bmNpbC1vcmRlci1mZWVz0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZWF0ZXIuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk4NjkvZ3J1Ymh1Yi1sYXdzdWl0LW5ldy15b3JrLWNpdHktY291bmNpbC1vcmRlci1mZWVz?oc=5
https://www.eater.com

The first official image of Samsung’s Galaxy Fold 2 just leaked - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWZvbGQtMi1yZWxlYXNlLWRhdGUtc29vbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1pbWFnZS1sZWFrcy_SAVxodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zYW1zdW5nLWdhbGF4eS1mb2xkLTItcmVsZWFzZS1kYXRlLXNvb24tb2ZmaWNpYWwtaW1hZ2UtbGVha3MvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

Always counterclockwise: Puzzle of early Neolithic house orientations finally solved - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLWNvdW50ZXJjbG9ja3dpc2UtcHV6emxlLWVhcmx5LW5lb2xpdGhpYy1ob3VzZS5odG1s0gFPaHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtY291bnRlcmNsb2Nrd2lzZS1wdXp6bGUtZWFybHktbmVvbGl0aGljLWhvdXNlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Pelosi: House will send impeachment articles to the Senate next week - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU1NjY0L2ltcGVhY2htZW50LWFydGljbGVzLXNlbmF0ZS1wZWxvc2nSAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTU2NjQvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtc2VuYXRlLXBlbG9zaQ?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Does Your Samsung Galaxy S10 Come With Undeletable Chinese Spyware Pre-Installed? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2RhdmV5d2luZGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG9lcy15b3VyLXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMxMC1jb21lLXdpdGgtdW5kZWxldGFibGUtY2hpbmVzZS1zcHl3YXJlLXByZS1pbnN0YWxsZWQvYW1wL9IBiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2RhdmV5d2luZGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZG9lcy15b3VyLXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMxMC1jb21lLXdpdGgtdW5kZWxldGFibGUtY2hpbmVzZS1zcHl3YXJlLXByZS1pbnN0YWxsZWQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Sen. Susan Collins working with 'fairly small group' of Republicans to ensure witnesses at Trump's impeachment trial - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1pbnF1aXJ5L3Nlbi1zdXNhbi1jb2xsaW5zLXdvcmtpbmctZmFpcmx5LXNtYWxsLWdyb3VwLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLWVuc3VyZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1uMTExMzc0MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNzQx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Dow hits a new record: 29,000 points - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvZG93LXN0b2NrLW1hcmtldC0yOTAwMC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Wisconsin Department of Health Services announces 1st pediatric flu death of 2019-20 season - WITI FOX 6 Milwaukee
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vZm94Nm5vdy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93aXNjb25zaW4tZGVwYXJ0bWVudC1vZi1oZWFsdGgtc2VydmljZS1hbm5vdW5jZXMtMXN0LXBlZGlhdHJpYy1mbHUtZGVhdGgtb2YtMjAxOS0yMC1zZWFzb24v0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly9mb3g2bm93LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3dpc2NvbnNpbi1kZXBhcnRtZW50LW9mLWhlYWx0aC1zZXJ2aWNlLWFubm91bmNlcy0xc3QtcGVkaWF0cmljLWZsdS1kZWF0aC1vZi0yMDE5LTIwLXNlYXNvbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fox6now.com

Blindsiding Trump, most Republican governors have agreed to accept refugees - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2ltbWlncmF0aW9uL2JsaW5kc2lkaW5nLXRydW1wLW1vc3QtcmVwdWJsaWNhbi1nb3Zlcm5vcnMtaGF2ZS1hZ3JlZWQtYWNjZXB0LXJlZnVnZWVzLW4xMTEzNTU20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM1NTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Iowa poll shows a tight four-way race in final weeks before the Democratic caucuses - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pb3dhLXBvbGwtZGVtb2NyYXRzLTIwMjAvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9saXRpY3MvaW93YS1wb2xsLWRlbW9jcmF0cy0yMDIwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Boeing Part Supplier Announces 2,800 Staff Cuts, Citing 737 Max Grounding - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUzNDA1OTkvc3Bpcml0LWFlcm9zeXN0ZW1zLWEtbWFqb3Itc3VwcGxpZXItb2YtYm9laW5ncy03MzctbWF4LWpldHMtbGF5cy1vZmYtMi04MDAtc3RhZmbSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

'Second Amendment sanctuary' movement headed for Supreme Court: Laura Ingraham - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3NlY29uZC1hbWVuZG1lbnQtc2FuY3R1YXJ5LW1vdmVtZW50LXN1cHJlbWUtY291cnTSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9tZWRpYS9zZWNvbmQtYW1lbmRtZW50LXNhbmN0dWFyeS1tb3ZlbWVudC1zdXByZW1lLWNvdXJ0LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Bloomberg and Steyer's spending binge starts to pay off - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYmxvb21iZXJnLXN0ZXllci0yMDIwLTA5NzMyNtIBSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Jsb29tYmVyZy1zdGV5ZXItMjAyMC0wOTczMjY?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

A Vermont senator proposed a ban on cell phones for anyone under 21. He says they're more dangerous than guns - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy92ZXJtb250LXNlbmF0b3ItY2VsbC1waG9uZS1iYW4tdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy92ZXJtb250LXNlbmF0b3ItY2VsbC1waG9uZS1iYW4tdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

What caused a Ukranian plane to crash in Tehran? - Aljazeera.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vcHJvZ3JhbW1lcy9pbnNpZGVzdG9yeS8yMDIwLzAxL2NhdXNlZC11a3Jhbmlhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC10ZWhyYW4tMjAwMTEwMTgxOTUwMTcyLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Jobs are hot. Paychecks? Not so much - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9idXNpbmVzcy93YWdlLWdyb3d0aC1qb2JzLW1hcmtldC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9idXNpbmVzcy93YWdlLWdyb3d0aC1qb2JzLW1hcmtldC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

GM to Revive Hummer Name on New Electric Pickup Model - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvZ20tdG8tcmV2aXZlLWh1bW1lci1uYW1lLW9uLW5ldy1lbGVjdHJpYy1waWNrdXAtbW9kZWwtMTE1Nzg2ODY2OTLSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Women hold more US jobs than men - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tb25leS93b21lbi1tZW4tdXMtam9icy13b3JrZm9yY2UtbWFqb3JpdHnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Microsoft says Xbox Series X won’t have exclusive first-party games at launch - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA3NzEvbWljcm9zb2Z0LXhib3gtc2VyaWVzLXgtZXhjbHVzaXZlLWdhbWVzLWxhdW5jaC1iYWNrd2FyZHMtY29tcGF0aWJpbGl0edIBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNzcxL21pY3Jvc29mdC14Ym94LXNlcmllcy14LWV4Y2x1c2l2ZS1nYW1lcy1sYXVuY2gtYmFja3dhcmRzLWNvbXBhdGliaWxpdHk?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

4 Health and Fitness Gadgets We Loved from CES 2020 - menshealth.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1lbnNoZWFsdGguY29tL2ZpdG5lc3MvYTMwNDY5MjQyL2Nlcy0yMDIwLWJlc3QtaGVhbHRoLWZpdG5lc3Mv0gFMaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWVuc2hlYWx0aC5jb20vZml0bmVzcy9hbXAzMDQ2OTI0Mi9jZXMtMjAyMC1iZXN0LWhlYWx0aC1maXRuZXNzLw?oc=5
https://www.menshealth.com

Huge leak might’ve just revealed Samsung’s Galaxy S20 pricing and release date - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dhbGF4eS1zMjAtcmVsZWFzZS1kYXRlLWFuZC1wcmljZS1sZWFrLXMyMC1zMjAtcGx1cy1hbmQtczIwLXVsdHJhL9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2dhbGF4eS1zMjAtcmVsZWFzZS1kYXRlLWFuZC1wcmljZS1sZWFrLXMyMC1zMjAtcGx1cy1hbmQtczIwLXVsdHJhL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://bgr.com

CES 2020: The long-promised ‘Year of 5G’ arrives with more promises and little 5G - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9jZXMtMjAyMC10aGUtbG9uZy1wcm9taXNlZC15ZWFyLW9mLTVnLWFycml2ZXMtd2l0aC1tb3JlLXByb21pc2VzLWFuZC1saXR0bGUtNWctMjAyMC0wMS0xMNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC8yRkE3QjdGRS0zMzNGLTExRUEtODE3RC00RjEzNzVDOEEwREE?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Neil Peart, Drummer and Lyricist of Rush, Dead at 67 - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL25laWwtcGVhcnQtZHJ1bW1lci1hbmQtbHlyaWNpc3Qtb2YtcnVzaC1kZWFkLWF0LTY3L9IBUmh0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL25laWwtcGVhcnQtZHJ1bW1lci1hbmQtbHlyaWNpc3Qtb2YtcnVzaC1kZWFkLWF0LTY3L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

Selena Gomez Explains RARE Lyrics - Entertainment Tonight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ZGVCZXZ6RW5fNTjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

See EW's final Oscar nomination predictions in all 24 categories - Entertainment Weekly News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL29zY2Fycy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZpbmFsLW9zY2FyLW5vbWluYXRpb24tcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZXZlcnktY2F0ZWdvcnkv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9ldy5jb20vb3NjYXJzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmluYWwtb3NjYXItbm9taW5hdGlvbi1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1ldmVyeS1jYXRlZ29yeS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://ew.com

NFL playoffs 2020: 1 reason to root for each team in Divisional Round - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9uZmwvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDUyMjgwL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy0yMDIwLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtZ3VpZGUtc2NoZWR1bGXSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5zYm5hdGlvbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL25mbC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTIyODAvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLTIwMjAtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1ndWlkZS1zY2hlZHVsZQ?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

Delusional Optimism is Facing His Demons - And The Valley Shook
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbmR0aGV2YWxsZXlzaG9vay5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU4MzgzLzIwMTktbHN1LWZvb290YmFsbC1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsLXBsYXlvZmYtZGVsdXNpb25hbC1vcHRpbWlzbS1jbGVtc29uLWZvb3RiYWxsLWZhY2luZy1kZW1vbnPSAaABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kdGhldmFsbGV5c2hvb2suY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTgzODMvMjAxOS1sc3UtZm9vb3RiYWxsLWNvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwtcGxheW9mZi1kZWx1c2lvbmFsLW9wdGltaXNtLWNsZW1zb24tZm9vdGJhbGwtZmFjaW5nLWRlbW9ucw?oc=5
https://www.andthevalleyshook.com

Source -- Mookie Betts, Red Sox agree to record $27M deal - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL21sYi9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDU4ODQxL3NvdXJjZS1tb29raWUtYmV0dHMtcmVkLXNveC1hZ3JlZS1yZWNvcmQtMjdtLWRlYWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9tbGIvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ1ODg0MS9zb3VyY2UtbW9va2llLWJldHRzLXJlZC1zb3gtYWdyZWUtcmVjb3JkLTI3bS1kZWFsP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Kentucky health officials report first probable vaping-related death - WLKY Louisville
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndsa3kuY29tL2FydGljbGUva2VudHVja3ktaGVhbHRoLW9mZmljaWFscy1yZXBvcnQtZmlyc3QtcHJvYmFibGUtdmFwaW5nLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGgvMzA0NzQ1NzLSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy53bGt5LmNvbS9hbXAvYXJ0aWNsZS9rZW50dWNreS1oZWFsdGgtb2ZmaWNpYWxzLXJlcG9ydC1maXJzdC1wcm9iYWJsZS12YXBpbmctcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aC8zMDQ3NDU3Mg?oc=5
https://www.wlky.com

2 prominent flu strains are hitting kids and the young particularly hard this season - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9jb2xkLWFuZC1mbHUvc2Vhc29uLXMtMi1wcm9taW5lbnQtZmx1LXN0cmFpbnMtaGl0dGluZy1raWRzLXlvdW5nLXBhcnRpY3VsYXJseS1uMTExMzQ0NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNDQ2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Douglas County health officials confirm 2 children died from flu this season - KETV Omaha
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtldHYuY29tL2FydGljbGUvZG91Z2xhcy1jb3VudHktaGVhbHRoLW9mZmljaWFscy1jb25maXJtLTItY2hpbGRyZW4tZGllZC1mcm9tLWZsdS10aGlzLXNlYXNvbi8zMDQ3MjY3NtIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtldHYuY29tL2FtcC9hcnRpY2xlL2RvdWdsYXMtY291bnR5LWhlYWx0aC1vZmZpY2lhbHMtY29uZmlybS0yLWNoaWxkcmVuLWRpZWQtZnJvbS1mbHUtdGhpcy1zZWFzb24vMzA0NzI2NzY?oc=5
https://www.ketv.com

Trump taking credit for lower cancer death rate is absurd, expert explains - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS90cnVtcC10YWtpbmctY3JlZGl0LWZvci1sb3dlci1jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZS1pcy1hYnN1cmQtZXhwZXJ0LWV4cGxhaW5zL9IBeGh0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS90cnVtcC10YWtpbmctY3JlZGl0LWZvci1sb3dlci1jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZS1pcy1hYnN1cmQtZXhwZXJ0LWV4cGxhaW5zLz9hbXA9MQ?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

FBI looking for 'Bad Wig Bandit' following three bank robberies in North Carolina - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9mYmktbG9va2luZy1iYWQtd2lnLWJhbmRpdC1mb2xsb3dpbmctdGhyZWUtYmFuay1yb2JiZXJpZXMtbm9ydGgtbjExMTM3MjHSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMzcyMQ?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Associated Press changes ‘shockingly bad’ headline about Soleimani, Ukrainian plane crash after backlash - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL2Fzc29jaWF0ZWQtcHJlc3MtaGVhZGxpbmUtc29sZWltYW5pLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2jSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9tZWRpYS9hc3NvY2lhdGVkLXByZXNzLWhlYWRsaW5lLXNvbGVpbWFuaS11a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Megan Rapinoe on IOC Banning Olympic Protests: 'We Will Not Be Silenced' - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA3MzMtbWVnYW4tcmFwaW5vZS1vbi1pb2MtYmFubmluZy1vbHltcGljLXByb3Rlc3RzLXdlLXdpbGwtbm90LWJlLXNpbGVuY2Vk0gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vc3luZGljYXRpb24uYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FtcC8yODcwNzMzLW1lZ2FuLXJhcGlub2Utb24taW9jLWJhbm5pbmctb2x5bXBpYy1wcm90ZXN0cy13ZS13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1zaWxlbmNlZC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

With more than 1,000 sanctions on Iran, Trump adds a few more - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMTAvd2l0aC1odW5kcmVkcy1vZi1zYW5jdGlvbnMtb24taXJhbi10cnVtcC1hZGRzLWEtZmV3LW1vcmXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

US launched second attack targeting Iranian official in Yemen: report | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2RlZmVuc2UvNDc3NzQ0LXVzLWxhdW5jaGVkLXNlY29uZC1hdHRhY2stdGFyZ2V0aW5nLWlyYW5pYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtaW4teWVtZW4tcmVwb3J00gFyaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9wb2xpY3kvZGVmZW5zZS80Nzc3NDQtdXMtbGF1bmNoZWQtc2Vjb25kLWF0dGFjay10YXJnZXRpbmctaXJhbmlhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1pbi15ZW1lbi1yZXBvcnQ_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Trump suggests he'd invoke executive privilege to block Bolton testimony - Politico
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdHJ1bXAtam9obi1ib2x0b24tdGVzdGltb255LTA5NzM0OdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RydW1wLWpvaG4tYm9sdG9uLXRlc3RpbW9ueS0wOTczNDk?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Airport informants, overhead drones: How the U.S. killed Soleimani - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbWlkZWFzdC9haXJwb3J0LWluZm9ybWFudHMtb3ZlcmhlYWQtZHJvbmVzLWhvdy11LXMta2lsbGVkLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1uMTExMzcyNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNzI2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Video: Mexico's Most Active Volcano Erupts, Spews Ash Cloud Nearly 20000 Feet - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUzMjcyOTEvdmlkZW8tbWV4aWNvcy1tb3N0LWFjdGl2ZS12b2xjYW5vLWVydXB0cy1zcGV3cy1hc2gtY2xvdWQtbmVhcmx5LTIwLTAwMC1mZWV00gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

U.S. employment in the 2010s in five charts - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLWVjb25vbXktam9icy1ncmFwaGljL3Utcy1lbXBsb3ltZW50LWluLXRoZS0yMDEwcy1pbi1maXZlLWNoYXJ0cy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MkFL0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTJBSw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Neil Peart, the drummer and lyricist of Rush, dead at 67 - WPBF West Palm Beach
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndwYmYuY29tL2FydGljbGUvbmVpbC1wZWFydC10aGUtZHJ1bW1lci1hbmQtbHlyaWNpc3Qtb2YtcnVzaC1kZWFkLWF0LTY3LzMwNDc0NjM10gEA?oc=5
https://www.wpbf.com

Parasite: The cast deserves Oscars — and won’t get nominated - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU4MTQwL3BhcmFzaXRlLW9zY2Fycy0yMDIwLW5vbWluYXRpb25zLWNhc3TSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTgxNDAvcGFyYXNpdGUtb3NjYXJzLTIwMjAtbm9taW5hdGlvbnMtY2FzdA?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Cowboy Cerrone describes his emotions walking out for a UFC fight - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9U3JEVXhvZ0UxRGPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump says Soleimani was plotting attacks on four US embassies | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NzQwLXRydW1wLXNheXMtZm91ci1lbWJhc3NpZXMtdGFyZ2V0ZWQtYmVmb3JlLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1zdHJpa2XSAXFodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3Nzc0MC10cnVtcC1zYXlzLWZvdXItZW1iYXNzaWVzLXRhcmdldGVkLWJlZm9yZS1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Texas governor to reject new refugee resettlement following Trump order - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy90ZXhhcy1nb3Zlcm5vci1yZWplY3QtbmV3LXJlZnVnZWUtcmVzZXR0bGVtZW50LWZvbGxvd2luZy10cnVtcC1vcmRlci1uMTExMzg1MdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzODUx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Pelosi set to send impeachment articles to the Senate next week | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvaG91c2UvNDc3NzAwLXBlbG9zaS1zZXQtdG8tc2VuZC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by10aGUtc2VuYXRlLW5leHQtd2Vla9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvaG91c2UvNDc3NzAwLXBlbG9zaS1zZXQtdG8tc2VuZC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by10aGUtc2VuYXRlLW5leHQtd2Vlaz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Neil Peart, the drummer and lyricist of Rush, has died at 67 - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L25laWwtcGVhcnQtcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyLWRlYXRoLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LXJ1c2gtZHJ1bW1lci1kZWF0aC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump Says Iran Had Planned to Attack Four U.S. Embassies - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3RydW1wLXNheXMtaXJhbi1oYWQtcGxhbm5lZC10by1hdHRhY2stZm91ci11LXMtZW1iYXNzaWVz0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmxvb21iZXJnLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3RydW1wLXNheXMtaXJhbi1oYWQtcGxhbm5lZC10by1hdHRhY2stZm91ci11LXMtZW1iYXNzaWVz?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Sarah Sanders: Pelosi's stalling continues to show impeachment nothing more than 'political play' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL2Zvcm1lci13aC1wcmVzcy1zZWNyZXRhcnktc2FyYWgtc2FuZGVycy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1wb2xpdGljYWwtcGxhedIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL2Zvcm1lci13aC1wcmVzcy1zZWNyZXRhcnktc2FyYWgtc2FuZGVycy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1wb2xpdGljYWwtcGxheS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Virginia Democrats won an election. Gun owners are talking civil war - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzA5L3ZpcmdpbmlhLWd1bi1jb250cm9sLXNlY29uZC1hbWVuZG1lbnQtY2l2aWwtd2Fy0gFfaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3VzLW5ld3MvMjAyMC9qYW4vMDkvdmlyZ2luaWEtZ3VuLWNvbnRyb2wtc2Vjb25kLWFtZW5kbWVudC1jaXZpbC13YXI?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

OnePlus 8 5G to be sold by Verizon - GSMArena.com news - GSMArena.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdzbWFyZW5hLmNvbS9vbmVwbHVzXzhfNWdfdG9fYmVfc29sZF9ieV92ZXJpem9uXy1uZXdzLTQwOTg3LnBocNIBSGh0dHBzOi8vbS5nc21hcmVuYS5jb20vb25lcGx1c184XzVnX3RvX2JlX3NvbGRfYnlfdmVyaXpvbl8tYW1wLTQwOTg3LnBocA?oc=5
https://www.gsmarena.com

Pompeo rebuffs Iraqi leader on U.S. troop pullout - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWlrZS1wb21wZW8taXJhcS10cm9vcHMtd2l0aGRyYXdhbC0wOTcxNjjSAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy5wb2xpdGljby5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taWtlLXBvbXBlby1pcmFxLXRyb29wcy13aXRoZHJhd2FsLTA5NzE2OA?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

US rejects Iraq request to discuss troop withdrawal - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3JlamVjdHMtaXJhcS1yZXF1ZXN0LWRpc2N1c3MtdHJvb3Atd2l0aGRyYXdhbC0yMDAxMTAxNTQ1MzkzNTguaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9yZWplY3RzLWlyYXEtcmVxdWVzdC1kaXNjdXNzLXRyb29wLXdpdGhkcmF3YWwtMjAwMTEwMTU0NTM5MzU4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

PS5 and Xbox Series X are coming, but these PCs are trying to fill the gap - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA2MTcvcGMtZ2FtaW5nLWNlcy0yMDIwLXNvbnktbWljcm9zb2Z0LWFsaWVud2FyZS1yYXplci1jb25zb2xlc9IBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNjE3L3BjLWdhbWluZy1jZXMtMjAyMC1zb255LW1pY3Jvc29mdC1hbGllbndhcmUtcmF6ZXItY29uc29sZXM?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Selena Gomez Moves Past Her Pain on the Resiliently Upbeat ‘Rare’ - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtYWxidW0tcmV2aWV3cy9hbGJ1bS1yZXZpZXctc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtOTM1OTg0L9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtYWxidW0tcmV2aWV3cy9hbGJ1bS1yZXZpZXctc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXJhcmUtOTM1OTg0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

Trump Says 4 Embassies Had Been Targeted by Iranians - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC90cnVtcC1pcmFuLWVtYmFzc3ktYXR0YWNrcy5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L3RydW1wLWlyYW4tZW1iYXNzeS1hdHRhY2tzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

An impeachment trial is finally coming — and it could be exciting after all - Salon
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhbG9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2FuLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLWlzLWZpbmFsbHktY29taW5nLWFuZC1pdC1jb3VsZC1iZS1leGNpdGluZy1hZnRlci1hbGwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.salon.com

Neil Peart, drummer and lyricist for rock band Rush, dies at 67 - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvcC1jdWx0dXJlL211c2ljL25laWwtcGVhcnQtZHJ1bW1lci1seXJpY2lzdC1yb2NrLWJhbmQtcnVzaC1kaWVzLTY3LW4xMTEzODYx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM4NjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Fired Boeing C.E.O. Muilenburg Will Get More Than $60 Million - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLWRlbm5pcy1tdWlsZW5idXJnLXNldmVyYW5jZS5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctZGVubmlzLW11aWxlbmJ1cmctc2V2ZXJhbmNlLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Verizon is delaying its home 5G internet rollout again - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3Zlcml6b24taG9tZS01Zy1pbnRlcm5ldC1yb2xsb3V0LWRlbGF5L9IBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC92ZXJpem9uLWhvbWUtNWctaW50ZXJuZXQtcm9sbG91dC1kZWxheS8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Oprah Winfrey Steps Away From Russell Simmons Accuser Doc (Exclusive) - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzL29wcmFoLXdpbmZyZXktc3RlcHMtYXdheS1ydXNzZWxsLXNpbW1vbnMtYWNjdXNlci1kb2MtMTI2ODY1M9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9vcHJhaC13aW5mcmV5LXN0ZXBzLWF3YXktcnVzc2VsbC1zaW1tb25zLWFjY3VzZXItZG9jLTEyNjg2NTM?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Iran denies shooting down Ukrainian airliner with 176 on board - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UmMtVk00c2JiakHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Gov. Greg Abbott Says New Refugees Won't Be Allowed To Settle In Texas - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTU0MTQxMTYvZ292LWdyZWctYWJib3R0LXNheXMtbmV3LXJlZnVnZWVzLXdvbnQtYmUtYWxsb3dlZC10by1zZXR0bGUtaW4tdGV4YXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

FAA proposes Boeing $5.4 million fine for defective 737 Max parts - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmFhLWZpbmVzLWJvZWluZy01cG9pbnQ0LW1pbGxpb24tZm9yLWRlZmVjdGl2ZS03MzctbWF4LXBhcnRzLmh0bWzSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9mYWEtZmluZXMtYm9laW5nLTVwb2ludDQtbWlsbGlvbi1mb3ItZGVmZWN0aXZlLTczNy1tYXgtcGFydHMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

European leaders hold emergency summit to save Iran deal - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VlRMMG1qc01KbE3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Trump feels 'sad' for Queen Elizabeth in wake of Megxit scandal - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RydW1wLWZlZWxzLXNhZC1mb3ItcXVlZW4tZWxpemFiZXRoLWluLXdha2Utb2YtbWVneGl0LXNjYW5kYWwv0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdHJ1bXAtZmVlbHMtc2FkLWZvci1xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaW4td2FrZS1vZi1tZWd4aXQtc2NhbmRhbC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

MLB salary arbitration: Judge and Yankees agree to deal; Betts, Bryant, Lindor get big raises - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbWxiL25ld3MvbWxiLXNhbGFyeS1hcmJpdHJhdGlvbi1qdWRnZS1hbmQteWFua2Vlcy1hZ3JlZS10by1kZWFsLWJldHRzLWJyeWFudC1saW5kb3ItZ2V0LWJpZy1yYWlzZXMv0gGBAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbWxiL25ld3MvbWxiLXNhbGFyeS1hcmJpdHJhdGlvbi1qdWRnZS1hbmQteWFua2Vlcy1hZ3JlZS10by1kZWFsLWJldHRzLWJyeWFudC1saW5kb3ItZ2V0LWJpZy1yYWlzZXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Mattress company Casper wants to create ‘sprays’ and ‘medical machines’ in IPO filing - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA0NjAvY2FzcGVyLXRlY2gtaXBvLW1hdHRyZXNzZXPSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDQ2MC9jYXNwZXItdGVjaC1pcG8tbWF0dHJlc3Nlcw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Carlos Ghosn's lawyer slams Japan justice minister's gaffe - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL2Nhcmxvcy1naG9zbnMtbGF3eWVyLXNsYW1zLWphcGFuLWp1c3RpY2UtbWluaXN0ZXJzLWdhZmZl0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94YnVzaW5lc3MuY29tL21hcmtldHMvY2FybG9zLWdob3Nucy1sYXd5ZXItc2xhbXMtamFwYW4tanVzdGljZS1taW5pc3RlcnMtZ2FmZmUuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Popocatépetl: Mexican volcano's spectacular eruption caught on camera - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hdi93b3JsZC1sYXRpbi1hbWVyaWNhLTUxMDYzMTg5L3BvcG9jYXRwZXRsLW1leGljYW4tdm9sY2Fuby1zLXNwZWN0YWN1bGFyLWVydXB0aW9uLWNhdWdodC1vbi1jYW1lcmHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Trump angered by House ally’s push to limit his authority on Iran - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiowFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtYW5nZXJlZC1ieS1ob3VzZS1hbGx5cy1wdXNoLXRvLWxpbWl0LWhpcy1hdXRob3JpdHktb24taXJhbi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Y0ZGFiYTljLTMzZjUtMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gGyAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1hbmdlcmVkLWJ5LWhvdXNlLWFsbHlzLXB1c2gtdG8tbGltaXQtaGlzLWF1dGhvcml0eS1vbi1pcmFuLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZjRkYWJhOWMtMzNmNS0xMWVhLWEwNTMtZGM2ZDk0NGJhNzc2X3N0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Judge allows effort to recall Alaska governor to proceed - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9qdWRnZS1hbGxvd3MtZWZmb3J0LXJlY2FsbC1hbGFza2EtZ292ZXJub3ItcHJvY2VlZC1uMTExMzkwNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzOTA2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Susan Collins working with 'small group' of GOP senators to call impeachment trial witnesses - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9uZXhhbWluZXIuY29tL25ld3Mvc3VzYW4tY29sbGlucy13b3JraW5nLXdpdGgtc21hbGwtZ3JvdXAtb2YtZ29wLXNlbmF0b3JzLXRvLWNhbGwtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtd2l0bmVzc2Vz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Ousted Boeing CEO exits with $80 million - but no severance - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctY2VvLW11aWxlbmJ1cmctc2V2ZXJhbmNlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVZodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2J1c2luZXNzL2JvZWluZy1jZW8tbXVpbGVuYnVyZy1zZXZlcmFuY2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Iran plane crash: What's the evidence a missile shot down the Ukrainian plane? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiJ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC01MTA2MDg1OdIBK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtNTEwNjA4NTk?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Jeffrey Epstein scandal: MIT professor put on leave, he 'failed to inform' college that sex offender made donations - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWl0LXB1dHMtcHJvZmVzc29yLW9uLWxlYXZlLWZvci1qZWZmcmV5LWVwc3RlaW4tZG9uYXRpb25zLmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9taXQtcHV0cy1wcm9mZXNzb3Itb24tbGVhdmUtZm9yLWplZmZyZXktZXBzdGVpbi1kb25hdGlvbnMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Pelosi Announces She Will Send Impeachment Articles to Senate Next Week - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL25hbmN5LXBlbG9zaS1hbm5vdW5jZXMtc2hlLXdpbGwtc2VuZC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by1zZW5hdGUtYXMtc29vbi1hcy1uZXh0LXdlZWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

House to Send Articles of Impeachment to Senate Next Week - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvaG91c2UtdG8tc2VuZC1hcnRpY2xlcy1vZi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10by1zZW5hdGUtbmV4dC13ZWVrLTExNTc4Njc1NTk50gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

U.S. Military Unsuccessfully Targeted Second Iranian Official - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC90cnVtcC1pcmFuLXllbWVuLmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3dvcmxkL21pZGRsZWVhc3QvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi15ZW1lbi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Major Boeing Supplier to Lay Off 2,800 Workers - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvbWFqb3ItYm9laW5nLXN1cHBsaWVyLXRvLWxheS1vZmYtMi04MDAtd29ya2Vycy0xMTU3ODY3ODA4OdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Wildfires in Australia trigger mass protest across the country today - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd2lsZGZpcmVzLWluLWF1c3RyYWxpYS10cmlnZ2VyLW1hc3MtcHJvdGVzdC1hY3Jvc3MtdGhlLWNvdW50cnktdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0xMC_SAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy93aWxkZmlyZXMtaW4tYXVzdHJhbGlhLXRyaWdnZXItbWFzcy1wcm90ZXN0LWFjcm9zcy10aGUtY291bnRyeS10b2RheS0yMDIwLTAxLTEwLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Pelosi to send impeachment articles to Senate next week - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vbmV3cy9wZWxvc2ktbW92ZXMtdG8tc2VuZC1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1hcnRpY2xlcy10by1zZW5hdGUtbmV4dC13ZWVr0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

The First Graduating Class of Artemis Astronauts on This Week @NASA – January 10, 2020 - NASA
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SFJnT1otY2oycm_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Swiss Back Channel Helped Defuse U.S.-Iran Crisis - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvc3dpc3MtYmFjay1jaGFubmVsLWhlbHBlZC1kZWZ1c2UtdS1zLWlyYW4tY3Jpc2lzLTExNTc4NzAyMjkw0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Democrat says Second Amendment supporters in Virginia have 'mental issues' - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vbmV3cy9kZW1vY3JhdC1zYXlzLXNlY29uZC1hbWVuZG1lbnQtc3VwcG9ydGVycy1pbi12aXJnaW5pYS1oYXZlLW1lbnRhbC1pc3N1ZXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Here's How China Is Fighting Its New Coronavirus Outbreak : Goats and Soda - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ucHIub3JnL3NlY3Rpb25zL2dvYXRzYW5kc29kYS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzc5NTM0MzAyNi9jaGluZXNlLXZpcm9sb2dpc3RzLWFyZS1maWdodGluZy1hLW5ldy1vdXRicmVhay1oZXJlcy13aGF0LXRoZXktcmUtbG9va2luZy1mb3LSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Preview: Trump reveals to Ingraham details of Iranian terror general's plot - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bkswZGQzV0VRWlXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

U.S. Department of Homeland Security Urges Firefox Users to Install Update Amid Active Attack - MacRumors
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hY3J1bW9ycy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9tb3ppbGxhLWZpcmVmb3gtdXBkYXRlLXZ1bG5lcmFiaWxpdHkv0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWFjcnVtb3JzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL21vemlsbGEtZmlyZWZveC11cGRhdGUtdnVsbmVyYWJpbGl0eS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.macrumors.com

'Designed by clowns': Boeing employees ridicule 737 MAX, regulators in internal messages - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWJvZWluZy03MzdtYXgvZGVzaWduZWQtYnktY2xvd25zLWJvZWluZy1lbXBsb3llZXMtcmlkaWN1bGUtNzM3LW1heC1yZWd1bGF0b3JzLWluLWludGVybmFsLW1lc3NhZ2VzLWlkVVNLQk4xWjkwMk7SATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MDJO?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Rush Drummer Neil Peart Dead at 67 from Brain Cancer - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LWRlYWQtZGllcy1icmFpbi1jYW5jZXItcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyL9IBTmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LWRlYWQtZGllcy1icmFpbi1jYW5jZXItcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Impeachment trial weighs on 2020 Democrats | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NzU5LWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLXdlaWdocy1vbi0yMDIwLWRlbW9jcmF0c9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NzU5LWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLXdlaWdocy1vbi0yMDIwLWRlbW9jcmF0cz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Top Google exec David Drummond to retire months after scrutiny - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNoL2dvb2dsZS1kYXZpZC1kcnVtbW9uZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNoL2dvb2dsZS1kYXZpZC1kcnVtbW9uZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pelosi's about to hit send on the impeachment articles - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9pbXBlYWNobWVudC1uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2ktd2Vlay1pbi1yZXZpZXcvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9saXRpY3MvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLXdlZWstaW4tcmV2aWV3L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Harry Dunn: UK makes extradition request to US - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay1lbmdsYW5kLW5vcnRoYW1wdG9uc2hpcmUtNTEwNzE3ODjSAUFodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3VrLWVuZ2xhbmQtbm9ydGhhbXB0b25zaGlyZS01MTA3MTc4OA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

US targeted Iranian official in Yemen in failed strike - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2lyYW5pYW4tbGVhZGVyLWZhaWxlZC0yMDAxMTAxOTE3NTkxNzIuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9pcmFuaWFuLWxlYWRlci1mYWlsZWQtMjAwMTEwMTkxNzU5MTcyLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

New Unova region Pokémon and trade evolution added to Pokémon Go - Polygon
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbHlnb24uY29tL3Bva2Vtb24tZ28vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNjQ0L3Vub3ZhLXRyYWRlLWV2b2x1dGlvbi1jYW5keS1wb2tlbW9uLWdv0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9seWdvbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3Bva2Vtb24tZ28vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNjQ0L3Vub3ZhLXRyYWRlLWV2b2x1dGlvbi1jYW5keS1wb2tlbW9uLWdv?oc=5
https://www.polygon.com

Meghan Markle returns to Canada after she and Prince Harry give shocking royal family announcement - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1yZXR1cm5zLXRvLWNhbmFkYS1hZnRlci1zaGUtYW5kLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbm5vdW5jZS1zdGVwcGluZy1iYWNrLXJveWFsLWZhbWlseS_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1yZXR1cm5zLXRvLWNhbmFkYS1hZnRlci1zaGUtYW5kLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbm5vdW5jZS1zdGVwcGluZy1iYWNrLXJveWFsLWZhbWlseS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Neil Peart, Rush drummer, dies at 67 - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoaWNhZ290cmlidW5lLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L211c2ljL2N0LWVudC1uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LWRlYWQtMjAyMDAxMTAtMmZqbHF1a2hzZmdsM216bWF0YXNocHM3aTQtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

Boeing documents reveal employee saying 737 Max is 'designed by clowns' - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMvaW5jcmVkaWJseS1kYW1uaW5nLWJvZWluZy1kb2N1bWVudHMtcmV2ZWFsLTczNy1tYXgtY29uY2VybnMvc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgxODUzNTDSAWtodHRwczovL2FiY25ld3MuZ28uY29tL2FtcC9VUy9pbmNyZWRpYmx5LWRhbW5pbmctYm9laW5nLWRvY3VtZW50cy1yZXZlYWwtNzM3LW1heC1jb25jZXJucy9zdG9yeT9pZD02ODE4NTM1MA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

LSU Cancels Classes For National Championship Game Against Clemson - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9sc3UtY2xlbXNvbi1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtY2xhc3Nlcy1jYW5jZWwtbmV3LW9ybGVhbnMv0gFcaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudG16LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2xzdS1jbGVtc29uLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1jbGFzc2VzLWNhbmNlbC1uZXctb3JsZWFucy8?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

"Imminent" Attacks Being Questioned As Basis For Killing Iranian Official - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTU0MzgyNjQvaW1taW5lbnQtdGhyZWF0LXRydW1wLWp1c3RpZmljYXRpb24tb2YtYXR0YWNrLW9uLWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbC1pcy11bmRlZmluZWTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

US Special Ops tried -- but failed -- to kill another top Iranian commander on night of Soleimani's death, ... - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS93b3JsZC91cy1zcGVjaWFsLW9wZXJhdGlvbnMtdHJpZWQtYnV0LWZhaWxlZC10by1raWxsLWFub3RoZXItdG9wLWlyYW5pYW4tY29tbWFuZGVyLW9uLW5pZ2h0LW9mLXNvbGVpbWFuaXMtZGVhdGgtb2ZmaWNpYWwtc2F5c9IBmQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS93b3JsZC91cy1zcGVjaWFsLW9wZXJhdGlvbnMtdHJpZWQtYnV0LWZhaWxlZC10by1raWxsLWFub3RoZXItdG9wLWlyYW5pYW4tY29tbWFuZGVyLW9uLW5pZ2h0LW9mLXNvbGVpbWFuaXMtZGVhdGgtb2ZmaWNpYWwtc2F5cy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

As U.S.-Iran Tensions Flare, Iraq Is Caught in the Middle - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFxLWlyYW4tdXMtdHJvb3BzLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3dvcmxkL21pZGRsZWVhc3QvaXJhcS1pcmFuLXVzLXRyb29wcy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Iran, United by Loss of General, Is Divided Over Plane Crash - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLXN1bGVpbWFuaS5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtc3VsZWltYW5pLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Ahead of national championship, LSU cancels classes for 2 days - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9haGVhZC1vZi1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtbHN1LWNhbmNlbHMtY2xhc3Nlcy1vbi1tb25kYXktYW5kLXR1ZXNkYXktMjAyMjExNDg5Lmh0bWzSAXhodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9haGVhZC1vZi1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtbHN1LWNhbmNlbHMtY2xhc3Nlcy1vbi1tb25kYXktYW5kLXR1ZXNkYXktMjAyMjExNDg5Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

A group of new astronauts join NASA under the Artemis program and could be the first to step on Mars - Daily Mail
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9zY2llbmNldGVjaC9hcnRpY2xlLTc4NzQ3NzkvQS1ncm91cC1uZXctYXN0cm9uYXV0cy1qb2luLU5BU0EtQXJ0ZW1pcy1wcm9ncmFtLXN0ZXAtTWFycy5odG1s0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGFpbHltYWlsLmNvLnVrL3NjaWVuY2V0ZWNoL2FydGljbGUtNzg3NDc3OS9hbXAvQS1ncm91cC1uZXctYXN0cm9uYXV0cy1qb2luLU5BU0EtQXJ0ZW1pcy1wcm9ncmFtLXN0ZXAtTWFycy5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.dailymail.co.uk

Alcohol Deaths Have Risen Sharply, Particularly Among Women - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvaGVhbHRoL2FsY29ob2wtZGVhdGhzLXdvbWVuLmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2hlYWx0aC9hbGNvaG9sLWRlYXRocy13b21lbi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Collins says she's working with other GOP senators to allow impeachment witnesses | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzcxNy1jb2xsaW5zLXNheXMtc2hlcy13b3JraW5nLXdpdGgtZ29wLXNlbmF0b3JzLXRvLWFsbG93LWltcGVhY2htZW50LXdpdG5lc3Nlc9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3NzcxNy1jb2xsaW5zLXNheXMtc2hlcy13b3JraW5nLXdpdGgtZ29wLXNlbmF0b3JzLXRvLWFsbG93LWltcGVhY2htZW50LXdpdG5lc3Nlcz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Australia fires: Can the catastrophe make Australia’s government finally act on climate change? - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vd29ybGQvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMjgwL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlcy1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1zY290dC1tb3JyaXNvbtIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDI4MC9hdXN0cmFsaWEtZmlyZXMtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2Utc2NvdHQtbW9ycmlzb24?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

WATCH: LSU releases sick hype video for national championship game vs. Clemson, cancels classes - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy93YXRjaC1sc3UtcmVsZWFzZXMtc2ljay1oeXBlLXZpZGVvLWZvci1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtZ2FtZS12cy1jbGVtc29uLWNhbmNlbHMtY2xhc3Nlcy_SAZEBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsL25ld3Mvd2F0Y2gtbHN1LXJlbGVhc2VzLXNpY2staHlwZS12aWRlby1mb3ItbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLWdhbWUtdnMtY2xlbXNvbi1jYW5jZWxzLWNsYXNzZXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

1968 "Bullitt" Mustang sells for $3.74 million at Mecum - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WTFrelR5cWNOOVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

2 Boeing workers said they wouldn't let their families fly on 737 Max - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9laW5nLWVtcGxveWVlcy13b3VsZG50LWxldC1mYW1pbGllcy1mbHktb24tNzM3LW1heC0yMDIwLTHSAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2JvZWluZy1lbXBsb3llZXMtd291bGRudC1sZXQtZmFtaWxpZXMtZmx5LW9uLTczNy1tYXgtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Boeing supplier Spirit Aerosystems will lay off 2,800 employees - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2JvZWluZy1zdXBwbGllci1zcGlyaXQtYWVyb3N5c3RlbXMtd2lsbC1sYXktb2ZmLTI4MDAtZW1wbG95ZWVzL9IBYWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2JvZWluZy1zdXBwbGllci1zcGlyaXQtYWVyb3N5c3RlbXMtd2lsbC1sYXktb2ZmLTI4MDAtZW1wbG95ZWVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Rush drummer Neil Peart dead at 67: 'Rest in peace brother' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1ydXNoLWRydW1tZXItZGVhZNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1ydXNoLWRydW1tZXItZGVhZC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Steve McQueen’s Bullitt Mustang sells for $3.4 million - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMTAvbWNxdWVlbi1idWxsaXR0LW11c3RhbmfSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5sYXRpbWVzLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy9zdG9yeS8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL21jcXVlZW4tYnVsbGl0dC1tdXN0YW5nP19hbXA9dHJ1ZQ?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

'Designed by clowns, supervised by monkeys': Damning Boeing emails published - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hb2wuY29tL2FydGljbGUvZmluYW5jZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Rlc2lnbmVkLWJ5LWNsb3ducy1zdXBlcnZpc2VkLWJ5LW1vbmtleXMtZGFtbmluZy1ib2VpbmctZW1haWxzLXB1Ymxpc2hlZC8yMzg5ODQzMy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

Virginia lawmakers ban guns at state Capitol - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vVVMvd2lyZVN0b3J5L3ZpcmdpbmlhLWxhd21ha2Vycy1zZXQtdm90ZS1jYXBpdG9sLWd1bi1iYW4tNjgxOTQ1MjTSAVxodHRwczovL2FiY25ld3MuZ28uY29tL2FtcC9VUy93aXJlU3RvcnkvdmlyZ2luaWEtbGF3bWFrZXJzLXNldC12b3RlLWNhcGl0b2wtZ3VuLWJhbi02ODE5NDUyNA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

Marianne Williamson Ends 2020 Presidential Campaign - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyNzU5NzEvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1zdXNwZW5kcy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FtcGFpZ27SAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

‘I Honestly Don’t Trust Many People at Boeing’: A Broken Culture Exposed - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLTczNy1lbXBsb3llZXMtbWVzc2FnZXMuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvYm9laW5nLTczNy1lbXBsb3llZXMtbWVzc2FnZXMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Neil Peart has died; Rush drummer and lyricist dies at 67 after battling brain cancer - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbmVhbC1wZWFydC1kaWVkLXJ1c2gtZHJ1bW1lci1hbmQtbHlyaWNpc3QtZGVhZC1hZ2UtNjctYWZ0ZXItYmF0dGxpbmctYnJhaW4tY2FuY2VyLTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvbmVhbC1wZWFydC1kaWVkLXJ1c2gtZHJ1bW1lci1hbmQtbHlyaWNpc3QtZGVhZC1hZ2UtNjctYWZ0ZXItYmF0dGxpbmctYnJhaW4tY2FuY2VyLTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

7 best new fitness tech products we saw at CES 2020 - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYmVzdC1maXRuZXNzLXRlY2gtY2VzLTIwMjDSATpodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2Jlc3QtZml0bmVzcy10ZWNoLWNlcy0yMDIw?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Texas will not resettle refugees under Trump executive order - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90ZXhhcy1yZWZ1c2VzLXJlZnVnZWUtcmVzZXR0bGVtZW50L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RleGFzLXJlZnVzZXMtcmVmdWdlZS1yZXNldHRsZW1lbnQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

A major Boeing supplier in Kansas is laying off 2,800 workers because of the 737 Max production halt - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9laW5nLTczNy1tYXgtc3Bpcml0LWFlcm9zeXN0ZW1zLWxheW9mZnMtMjAyMC0x0gFQaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1heC1zcGlyaXQtYWVyb3N5c3RlbXMtbGF5b2Zmcy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

The Impeachment Articles Will Finally Head to the Senate - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWFydGljbGVzLXNlbmF0ZS5odG1s0gFeaHR0cHM6Ly9zbGF0ZS5jb20vbmV3cy1hbmQtcG9saXRpY3MvMjAyMC8wMS9pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1uYW5jeS1wZWxvc2ktYXJ0aWNsZXMtc2VuYXRlLmFtcA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Marianne Williamson ends 2020 presidential campaign - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL21hcmlhbm5lLXdpbGxpYW1zb24tZW5kcy0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWdu0gFWaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3VzLW5ld3MvMjAyMC9qYW4vMTAvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1lbmRzLTIwMjAtY2FtcGFpZ24?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

U.S. Targeted but Missed Senior Iranian Commander in Yemen, Officials Say - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdS1zLXRhcmdldGVkLWJ1dC1taXNzZWQtc2VuaW9yLWlyYW5pYW4tY29tbWFuZGVyLWluLXllbWVuLW9mZmljaWFscy1zYXktMTE1Nzg2ODA5NDnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Neil Peart: Rush drummer dies aged 67 after cancer battle - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50LWFydHMtNTEwNzIxOTDSAThodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy01MTA3MjE5MA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Pokemon Go gets new Gen 5 Pokemon and Trade Evolution - GamesRadar
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcmFkYXIuY29tL3Bva2Vtb24tZ28tZ2V0cy1uZXctZ2VuLTUtcG9rZW1vbi1hbmQtdHJhZGUtZXZvbHV0aW9uL9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcmFkYXIuY29tL2FtcC9wb2tlbW9uLWdvLWdldHMtbmV3LWdlbi01LXBva2Vtb24tYW5kLXRyYWRlLWV2b2x1dGlvbi8?oc=5
https://www.gamesradar.com

Neil Peart, drummer and lyricist for rock band Rush, dies at 67 - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1kcnVtbWVyLWFuZC1seXJpY2lzdC1mb3Itcm9jay1iYW5kLXJ1c2gtZGllcy1hdC02Ny5odG1s0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1kcnVtbWVyLWFuZC1seXJpY2lzdC1mb3Itcm9jay1iYW5kLXJ1c2gtZGllcy1hdC02Ny5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Trump's impeachment trial team sees 'significant' executive privilege issues over potential Bolton testimony - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1qb2huLWJvbHRvbi1wcml2aWxlZ2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtam9obi1ib2x0b24tcHJpdmlsZWdlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Boeing quashed "stupid" requests for 737 Max simulator training - Quartz
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODI4OTQvYm9laW5nLXF1YXNoZWQtc3R1cGlkLXJlcXVlc3RzLWZvci03MzctbWF4LXNpbXVsYXRvci10cmFpbmluZy_SAVlodHRwczovL3F6LmNvbS8xNzgyODk0L2JvZWluZy1xdWFzaGVkLXN0dXBpZC1yZXF1ZXN0cy1mb3ItNzM3LW1heC1zaW11bGF0b3ItdHJhaW5pbmcvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://qz.com

Oprah Distancing Herself From Russell Simmons #MeToo Doc - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijwFodHRwczovL3d3dy50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1zdGVwcy1kb3duLWV4ZWN1dGl2ZS1wcm9kdWNlci1ydXNzZWxsLXNpbW1vbnMtbWV0b28tZG9jdW1lbnRhcnktc3VuZGFuY2UtYXBwbGV0di01MC1jZW50LXRoZS1nYW1lL9IBjwFodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvb3ByYWgtd2luZnJleS1zdGVwcy1kb3duLWV4ZWN1dGl2ZS1wcm9kdWNlci1ydXNzZWxsLXNpbW1vbnMtbWV0b28tZG9jdW1lbnRhcnktc3VuZGFuY2UtYXBwbGV0di01MC1jZW50LXRoZS1nYW1lLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Boeing's biggest supplier lays off 2,800 workers because of 737 Max production suspension - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1heC1zcGlyaXQtYWVyb3N5c3RlbXMtbGF5b2Zmcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9idXNpbmVzcy9ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1heC1zcGlyaXQtYWVyb3N5c3RlbXMtbGF5b2Zmcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump Will Invoke Executive Privilege to Block Bolton Testimony - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3RydW1wLXdpbGwtaW52b2tlLWV4ZWN1dGl2ZS1wcml2aWxlZ2UtdG8tYmxvY2stYm9sdG9uLXRlc3RpbW9uedIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvYXJ0aWNsZXMvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC90cnVtcC13aWxsLWludm9rZS1leGVjdXRpdmUtcHJpdmlsZWdlLXRvLWJsb2NrLWJvbHRvbi10ZXN0aW1vbnk?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Iran Ukraine crash: Boeing 737 Max 8 and Boeing 737-800 differences - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vZGlmZmVyZW5jZXMtYmV0d2Vlbi1ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1heC04LWFuZC1ib2VpbmctNzM3LTgwMC0yMDIwLTHSAV5odHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2RpZmZlcmVuY2VzLWJldHdlZW4tYm9laW5nLTczNy1tYXgtOC1hbmQtYm9laW5nLTczNy04MDAtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Joaquin Phoenix and Martin Sheen arrested in Jane Fonda's weekly climate change protests - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2pvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1tYXJ0aW4tc2hlZW4tYXJyZXN0LXRybmQv0gFkaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2pvYXF1aW4tcGhvZW5peC1tYXJ0aW4tc2hlZW4tYXJyZXN0LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Joaquin Phoenix arrested during Jane Fonda's Fire Drill Fridays protest - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvam9hcXVpbi1waG9lbml4LWFycmVzdGVkLWphbmUtZm9uZGEtZmlyZS1kcmlsbC1mcmlkYXlzLXByb3Rlc3QtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2UtdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0xMC_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3Mvam9hcXVpbi1waG9lbml4LWFycmVzdGVkLWphbmUtZm9uZGEtZmlyZS1kcmlsbC1mcmlkYXlzLXByb3Rlc3QtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2UtdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0xMC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Alphabet’s top lawyer, David Drummond, is stepping down - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcmVjb2RlLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDM2MS9hbHBoYWJldC1nb29nbGUtZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtc3RlcHBpbmctZG93btIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3JlY29kZS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAzNjEvYWxwaGFiZXQtZ29vZ2xlLWRhdmlkLWRydW1tb25kLXN0ZXBwaW5nLWRvd24?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

'Wolf' moon, partial lunar eclipse thrill skywatchers - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2Uvd29sZi1tb29uLXBhcnRpYWwtbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZdIBQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2Uvd29sZi1tb29uLXBhcnRpYWwtbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

17-year-old discovers planet 6.9 times larger than Earth on third day of internship with NASA - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvMTcteWVhci1vbGQtZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldC1vbi10aGlyZC1kYXktb2YtaW50ZXJuc2hpcC13aXRoLW5hc2EuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzE3LXllYXItb2xkLWRpc2NvdmVycy1wbGFuZXQtb24tdGhpcmQtZGF5LW9mLWludGVybnNoaXAtd2l0aC1uYXNhLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Microsoft's first Xbox Series X games will be cross-gen releases - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL21pY3Jvc29mdC14Ym94LXNlcmllcy14LWV4Y2x1c2l2ZS1nYW1lcy14Ym94LW9uZS_SAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5lbmdhZGdldC5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWljcm9zb2Z0LXhib3gtc2VyaWVzLXgtZXhjbHVzaXZlLWdhbWVzLXhib3gtb25lLw?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Pokémon Go never went away — 2019 was its most lucrative year ever - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA4NzcvcG9rZW1vbi1nby1yZWNvcmQtcmV2ZW51ZS0yMDE5LW5pYW50aWMtbGFicy1hci1ncm93dGjSAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDg3Ny9wb2tlbW9uLWdvLXJlY29yZC1yZXZlbnVlLTIwMTktbmlhbnRpYy1sYWJzLWFyLWdyb3d0aA?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

‘Designed by Clowns…Supervised by Monkeys:’ Internal Boeing Messages Slam 737 Max - Fortune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vZm9ydHVuZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9kZXNpZ25lZC1jbG93bnMtc3VwZXJ2aXNlZC1tb25rZXlzLWludGVybmFsLWJvZWluZy1tZXNzYWdlcy1zbGFtLTczNy1tYXgv0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly9mb3J0dW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Rlc2lnbmVkLWNsb3ducy1zdXBlcnZpc2VkLW1vbmtleXMtaW50ZXJuYWwtYm9laW5nLW1lc3NhZ2VzLXNsYW0tNzM3LW1heC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://fortune.com

Trump signals he will use executive privilege to block John Bolton testimony in Senate trial - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9uZXhhbWluZXIuY29tL25ld3MvdHJ1bXAtc2lnbmFscy1oZS13aWxsLXVzZS1leGVjdXRpdmUtcHJpdmlsZWdlLXRvLWJsb2NrLWpvaG4tYm9sdG9uLXRlc3RpbW9ueS1pbi1zZW5hdGUtdHJpYWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Trump administration's shifting stories fuel doubts over justification for Soleimani strike - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1pcmFuLW1peGVkLW1lc3NhZ2luZy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1pcmFuLW1peGVkLW1lc3NhZ2luZy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Oprah is yanking an upcoming #MeToo documentary from Apple TV+ over creative differences - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwODkwL2FwcGxlLXR2LXBsdXMtb3ByYWgtcHVsbHMtZG9jdW1lbnRhcnktYXNzYXVsdC1ydXNzZWxsLXNpbW1vbnMta2lyYnktZGljay1hbXktemllcmluZ9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDg5MC9hcHBsZS10di1wbHVzLW9wcmFoLXB1bGxzLWRvY3VtZW50YXJ5LWFzc2F1bHQtcnVzc2VsbC1zaW1tb25zLWtpcmJ5LWRpY2stYW15LXppZXJpbmc?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Artemis Generation: Astronaut Graduation Day - NASA
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9RjJ6YXlrS2hXeWfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Four Downs: 49ers Keys to Stopping Kirk Cousins and Vikings Pass Catchers - 49ers.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjQ5ZXJzLmNvbS9uZXdzLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3MtcHJldmlldy1wbGF5b2Zmcy1raXJrLWNvdXNpbnMtZGFsdmluLWNvb2stZ2Fyb3Bwb2xv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.49ers.com

Iran Is Expected to Announce Cause of Ukrainian Jet Crash - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLWpldC1jcmFzaC5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tamV0LWNyYXNoLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Hamstrung by tear, Eagles’ Josh McCown played the second half against Seattle, but now needs surgery - The Philadelphia Inquirer
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnF1aXJlci5jb20vZWFnbGVzL2pvc2gtbWNjb3duLWhhbXN0cmluZy1zdXJnZXJ5LWVhZ2xlcy1zZWFoYXdrcy1xdWFydGVyYmFjay1jYXJzb24td2VudHotbmF0ZS1zdWRmZWxkLTIwMjAwMTEwLmh0bWzSAZABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5xdWlyZXIuY29tL2VhZ2xlcy9qb3NoLW1jY293bi1oYW1zdHJpbmctc3VyZ2VyeS1lYWdsZXMtc2VhaGF3a3MtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2stY2Fyc29uLXdlbnR6LW5hdGUtc3VkZmVsZC0yMDIwMDExMC5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.inquirer.com

US rejects Iraq's request to discuss troop withdrawal - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9X3M3S1RtaU1WNEHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Texas becomes the first state to shut the door on refugees - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcG9saWN5LWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA2NjMvdGV4YXMtcmVmdWdlZS10cnVtcC1leGVjdXRpdmUtb3JkZXItYWJib3R00gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvcG9saWN5LWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA2NjMvdGV4YXMtcmVmdWdlZS10cnVtcC1leGVjdXRpdmUtb3JkZXItYWJib3R0?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Neil Peart, Rush Drummer, Dies at 67 - TheWrap
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiO2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXdyYXAuY29tL25laWwtcGVhcnQtcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyLWRpZXMtYXQtNjcv0gE_aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhld3JhcC5jb20vbmVpbC1wZWFydC1ydXNoLWRydW1tZXItZGllcy1hdC02Ny9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.thewrap.com

First NASA SLS Core Stage rolls out - Prepares to ship to Stennis - NASASpaceflight.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5hc2FzcGFjZWZsaWdodC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9maXJzdC1uYXNhLXNscy1jb3JlLXN0YWdlLXJvbGxzLW91dC1zdGVubmlzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.nasaspaceflight.com

2 Idaho children have died from flu-related causes - East Idaho News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVhc3RpZGFob25ld3MuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMi1pZGFoby1jaGlsZHJlbi1oYXZlLWRpZWQtZnJvbS1mbHUtcmVsYXRlZC1jYXVzZXMv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.eastidahonews.com

Trump now claims four embassies were under threat from Iran, raising fresh questions about intelligence reports - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Apple is replacing some iPhone battery cases for free because of charging problems - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXBwbGUtYW5ub3VuY2VzLWlwaG9uZS14cy1iYXR0ZXJ5LWNhc2UtcmVwbGFjZW1lbnQtcHJvZ3JhbS5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXBwbGUtYW5ub3VuY2VzLWlwaG9uZS14cy1iYXR0ZXJ5LWNhc2UtcmVwbGFjZW1lbnQtcHJvZ3JhbS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Fired Boeing CEO Will Receive More Than $60 Million - msnNOW
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1zbi5jb20vZW4tdXMvbmV3cy9vdGhlci9maXJlZC1ib2VpbmctY2VvLXdpbGwtcmVjZWl2ZS1tb3JlLXRoYW4tZG9sbGFyNjAtbWlsbGlvbi9hci1CQllRNjR30gEA?oc=5
https://www.msn.com

Iran to probe black boxes after missile blamed for plane crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtaXJhbi1jcmFzaC9pcmFuLXRvLXByb2JlLWJsYWNrLWJveGVzLWFmdGVyLW1pc3NpbGUtYmxhbWVkLWZvci1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MjUw0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTI1MA?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Pelosi ends standoff with Senate Republicans over impeachment articles - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGVsb3NpLXRvLXNlbmQtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtdG8tc2VuYXRlLWFmdGVyLXdlZWtzLWxvbmctZGVsYXktMDk3MTg10gF4aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcGVsb3NpLXRvLXNlbmQtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYXJ0aWNsZXMtdG8tc2VuYXRlLWFmdGVyLXdlZWtzLWxvbmctZGVsYXktMDk3MTg1?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Boeing's fired CEO Muilenburg walks away with more than $60 million - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZXgtYm9laW5nLWNlby1kZW5uaXMtbXVpbGVuYnVyZy13aWxsLW5vdC1nZXQtc2V2ZXJhbmNlLXBheW1lbnQtaW4tZGVwYXJ0dXJlLmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9leC1ib2VpbmctY2VvLWRlbm5pcy1tdWlsZW5idXJnLXdpbGwtbm90LWdldC1zZXZlcmFuY2UtcGF5bWVudC1pbi1kZXBhcnR1cmUuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Boeing Releases Staff Emails Mocking 737 MAX Production And Saying Plane Was ‘Designed By Clowns’ - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2lzYWJlbHRvZ29oLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYm9laW5nLXJlbGVhc2VzLXN0YWZmLWVtYWlscy1tb2NraW5nLTczNy1tYXgtcHJvZHVjdGlvbi1hbmQtc2F5aW5nLXBsYW5lLXdhcy1kZXNpZ25lZC1ieS1jbG93bnMv0gGYAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvaXNhYmVsdG9nb2gvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9ib2VpbmctcmVsZWFzZXMtc3RhZmYtZW1haWxzLW1vY2tpbmctNzM3LW1heC1wcm9kdWN0aW9uLWFuZC1zYXlpbmctcGxhbmUtd2FzLWRlc2lnbmVkLWJ5LWNsb3ducy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

'Damning' Boeing messages reveal efforts to manipulate regulators of 737 Max - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYm9laW5nLXJlbGVhc2VzLWNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zLW9uLTczNy1tYXgtc2ltdWxhdG9ycy1pdC1jYWxscy1jb21wbGV0ZWx5LXVuYWNjZXB0YWJsZS5odG1s0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMDkvYm9laW5nLXJlbGVhc2VzLWNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zLW9uLTczNy1tYXgtc2ltdWxhdG9ycy1pdC1jYWxscy1jb21wbGV0ZWx5LXVuYWNjZXB0YWJsZS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Boeing's ousted CEO departs with $62 million, even without severance pay - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWJvZWluZy03MzctbWF4LWNlby1zZXZlcmFuY2UvYm9laW5ncy1vdXN0ZWQtY2VvLWRlcGFydHMtd2l0aC02Mi1taWxsaW9uLWV2ZW4td2l0aG91dC1zZXZlcmFuY2UtcGF5LWlkVVNLQk4xWjkyRFHSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MkRR?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Home cooking: Why ticket prices for Monday’s CFP title game between LSU and Clemson are rapidly climbing - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS90aWNrZXRzLXRvLW1vbmRheXMtY2ZwLXRpdGxlLWdhbWUtYXJlLWdldHRpbmctcHJpY2llci0wMDQ2NDM5NzkuaHRtbNIBZWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL3RpY2tldHMtdG8tbW9uZGF5cy1jZnAtdGl0bGUtZ2FtZS1hcmUtZ2V0dGluZy1wcmljaWVyLTAwNDY0Mzk3OS5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Home cooking: Why ticket prices for Monday's CFP title game between LSU and Clemson are rapidly climbing - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS90aWNrZXRzLXRvLW1vbmRheXMtY2ZwLXRpdGxlLWdhbWUtYXJlLWdldHRpbmctcHJpY2llci0wMDQ2NDM5NzkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Cramer: I feel like a 'clown' for defending Boeing in the early days of 737 Max scandal - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY3JhbWVyLWZlZWxzLWxpa2UtYS1jbG93bi1mb3ItZGVmZW5kaW5nLWJvZWluZy1lYXJseS1pbi03MzctbWF4LWZsYXAuaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NyYW1lci1mZWVscy1saWtlLWEtY2xvd24tZm9yLWRlZmVuZGluZy1ib2VpbmctZWFybHktaW4tNzM3LW1heC1mbGFwLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Rep. Collins: Pelosi's impeachment to suffer 'quick death' in Senate - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9czI2Qmg2eWtYbmPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Wolf Moon lunar eclipse kicks off penumbral quartet for 2020 (photos) - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS93b2xmLW1vb24tbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS1waG90b3MtMjAyMC5odG1s0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc3BhY2UuY29tL2FtcC93b2xmLW1vb24tbHVuYXItZWNsaXBzZS1waG90b3MtMjAyMC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Pelosi announces she is ready to move impeachment articles to Senate - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ajBfc1RZcmZCeVnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Boeing emails show employee gripes with Max project and company - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vb3V0cmFnZW91cy1tZXNzYWdlcy1mcm9tLWJvZWluZy1lbXBsb3llZXMtMjAyMC0x0gFQaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9vdXRyYWdlb3VzLW1lc3NhZ2VzLWZyb20tYm9laW5nLWVtcGxveWVlcy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Jay Glazer Addresses Possibility Of Tom Brady Joining Chargers, Raiders - NESN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9qYXktZ2xhemVyLWFkZHJlc3Nlcy1wb3NzaWJpbGl0eS1vZi10b20tYnJhZHktam9pbmluZy1jaGFyZ2Vycy1yYWlkZXJzL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9qYXktZ2xhemVyLWFkZHJlc3Nlcy1wb3NzaWJpbGl0eS1vZi10b20tYnJhZHktam9pbmluZy1jaGFyZ2Vycy1yYWlkZXJzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nesn.com

US Targeted Another Iranian Official in Yemen on Same Day as Soleimani Strike: WaPo - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3VzLXRhcmdldGVkLWFub3RoZXItaXJhbmlhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1pbi15ZW1lbi1vbi1zYW1lLWRheS1hcy1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlLXdhcG_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

UK requests extradition of former US diplomat's wife accused in death of British teen - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91ay9hbm5lLXNhY29vbGFzLWV4dHJhZGl0aW9uLWhhcnJ5LWR1bm4taW50bC1nYnIvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBXmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdWsvYW5uZS1zYWNvb2xhcy1leHRyYWRpdGlvbi1oYXJyeS1kdW5uLWludGwtZ2JyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Volcanic eruption sends explosion of ash, smoke into sky in Mexico | ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ckNUdTZfNmhsQ3fSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

'Superdiamond' carbon-boron cages can trap and tap into different properties - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLXN1cGVyZGlhbW9uZC1jYXJib24tYm9yb24tY2FnZXMtcHJvcGVydGllcy5odG1s0gFMaHR0cHM6Ly9waHlzLm9yZy9uZXdzLzIwMjAtMDEtc3VwZXJkaWFtb25kLWNhcmJvbi1ib3Jvbi1jYWdlcy1wcm9wZXJ0aWVzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Guns banned in Virginia Capitol as Democratic majority takes first action on firearms - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Kenny Clark questionable for Packers - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9rZW5ueS1jbGFyay1xdWVzdGlvbmFibGUtZm9yLXBhY2tlcnMv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly9wcm9mb290YmFsbHRhbGsubmJjc3BvcnRzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2tlbm55LWNsYXJrLXF1ZXN0aW9uYWJsZS1mb3ItcGFja2Vycy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Trump says he may invoke executive privilege if John Bolton is subpoenaed by Senate - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RydW1wLXN1Z2dlc3RzLWV4ZWN1dGl2ZS1wcml2aWxlZ2UtaWYtYm9sdG9uLXN1YnBvZW5hZWQtc2VuYXRlLzQ0Mzc1NjkwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDM3NTY5MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Oscar nominations 2020: Complete predictions in all 24 categories - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy9tb3ZpZXMvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC9vc2NhcnMtbm9taW5hdGlvbnMtcHJlZGljdGlvbnPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Washington Post: Trump angry with ally Matt Gaetz for urging Republicans to vote for Iran war powers resolution - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1tYXR0LWdhZXR6LWlyYW4td2FyLXBvd2Vycy1yZXNvbHV0aW9uL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWJodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLW1hdHQtZ2FldHotaXJhbi13YXItcG93ZXJzLXJlc29sdXRpb24vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Hannity Appears to Threaten to Give Out GOP Senators' Phone Numbers if They Allow Impeachment Witnesses - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVkYWlseWJlYXN0LmNvbS9oYW5uaXR5LWFwcGVhcnMtdG8tdGhyZWF0ZW4tdG8tZ2l2ZS1vdXQtZ29wLXNlbmF0b3JzLXBob25lLW51bWJlcnMtaWYtdGhleS1hbGxvdy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC13aXRuZXNzZXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Neil Peart has died; Rush drummer and lyricist dies at 67 after battling brain cancer - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbmVhbC1wZWFydC1ydXNoLWRlYXRoLWRydW1tZXItYW5kLWx5cmljaXN0LWRlYWQtYWdlLTY3LWFmdGVyLWJhdHRsaW5nLWJyYWluLWNhbmNlci0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL25lYWwtcGVhcnQtcnVzaC1kZWF0aC1kcnVtbWVyLWFuZC1seXJpY2lzdC1kZWFkLWFnZS02Ny1hZnRlci1iYXR0bGluZy1icmFpbi1jYW5jZXItMjAyMC0wMS0xMC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

2019 Worldwide Box Office Hits $42.5B Record; Offshore Too With $31B+: Highlights From The International Profit Center & What’s Ahead For 2020 – Global Studio Chart - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinQFodHRwczovL2RlYWRsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxL2hpZ2hlc3QtZ3Jvc3NpbmctbW92aWUtc3R1ZGlvcy0yMDE5LXJlY29yZC1pbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsLWdsb2JhbC1ib3gtb2ZmaWNlLW1hcmtldC1zaGFyZS1jaGFydC1hbmFseXNpcy0yMDIwLWZvcmVjYXN0LTEyMDI4MjM0NzEv0gGhAWh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvaGlnaGVzdC1ncm9zc2luZy1tb3ZpZS1zdHVkaW9zLTIwMTktcmVjb3JkLWludGVybmF0aW9uYWwtZ2xvYmFsLWJveC1vZmZpY2UtbWFya2V0LXNoYXJlLWNoYXJ0LWFuYWx5c2lzLTIwMjAtZm9yZWNhc3QtMTIwMjgyMzQ3MS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://deadline.com

Australia fires: Employee brands News Corp coverage 'irresponsible' - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hdXN0cmFsaWEtNTEwNzE4MDDSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLWF1c3RyYWxpYS01MTA3MTgwMA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Online mattress group Casper files for IPO - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50L2NmZGYwNzgwLTMzZTAtMTFlYS1hMzI5LTBiY2Y4N2EzMjhmMtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.ft.com

Ex-North Carolina women's basketball coach Sylvia Hatchell charged in pedestrian death - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9zcG9ydHMvbmNhYXcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9leC11bmMtd29tZW5zLWJhc2tldGJhbGwtY29hY2gtY2hhcmdlZC1pbi1wZWRlc3RyaWFuLWRlYXRoLzQwOTc1MjM5L9IBJWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDA5NzUyMzk?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

The Mustang From "Bullitt" Sells For $3.74 Million At Auction - Jalopnik
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vamFsb3BuaWsuY29tL3RoZS1tdXN0YW5nLWZyb20tYnVsbGl0dC1zZWxscy1mb3ItMy03NC1taWxsaW9uLWF0LWEtMTg0MDkzNzcwMNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vamFsb3BuaWsuY29tL3RoZS1tdXN0YW5nLWZyb20tYnVsbGl0dC1zZWxscy1mb3ItMy03NC1taWxsaW9uLWF0LWEtMTg0MDkzNzcwMC9hbXA?oc=5
https://jalopnik.com

Divisional Round Game Picks | NFL 2019 - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dk4tV2ZTcHJKSlHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

NFL Analyst Argues Patriots Must ‘Close The Book’ On Tom Brady Era - NESN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9uZmwtYW5hbHlzdC1hcmd1ZXMtcGF0cmlvdHMtbXVzdC1jbG9zZS10aGUtYm9vay1vbi10b20tYnJhZHktZXJhL9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9uZmwtYW5hbHlzdC1hcmd1ZXMtcGF0cmlvdHMtbXVzdC1jbG9zZS10aGUtYm9vay1vbi10b20tYnJhZHktZXJhL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nesn.com

5 Qs, 5 As with Acme Packing Seahawks-Packers ahead of divisional game - Field Gulls
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5maWVsZGd1bGxzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA3OTAvNS1xcy01LWFzLWFjbWUtcGFja2luZy1zZWF0dGxlLXNlYWhhd2tzLWdyZWVuLWJheS1wYWNrZXJzLXJvZGdlcnMtd2lsc29uLWxvY2tldHQtc2Nob3R0ZW5oZWltZXLSAZoBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZmllbGRndWxscy5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDc5MC81LXFzLTUtYXMtYWNtZS1wYWNraW5nLXNlYXR0bGUtc2VhaGF3a3MtZ3JlZW4tYmF5LXBhY2tlcnMtcm9kZ2Vycy13aWxzb24tbG9ja2V0dC1zY2hvdHRlbmhlaW1lcg?oc=5
https://www.fieldgulls.com

Oprah Drops Russell Simmons Accuser Doc From Apple Slate Two Weeks Before Sundance Premiere - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvZmlsbS9uZXdzL29wcmFoLWRyb3BzLXJ1c3NlbGwtc2ltbW9ucy1hY2N1c2VyLWRvYy1mcm9tLWFwcGxlLXNsYXRlLXR3by13ZWVrcy1iZWZvcmUtc3VuZGFuY2UtcHJlbWllcmUtMTIwMzQ2MzU3My_SAY4BaHR0cHM6Ly92YXJpZXR5LmNvbS8yMDIwL2ZpbG0vbmV3cy9vcHJhaC1kcm9wcy1ydXNzZWxsLXNpbW1vbnMtYWNjdXNlci1kb2MtZnJvbS1hcHBsZS1zbGF0ZS10d28td2Vla3MtYmVmb3JlLXN1bmRhbmNlLXByZW1pZXJlLTEyMDM0NjM1NzMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

Bill Maris blasts Google's outgoing legal exec David Drummond - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLXZlbnR1cmVzLWZvdW5kZXItc2F5cy1kYXZpZC1kcnVtbW9uZC1yZWFzb24taGUtbGVmdC0yMDIwLTHSAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2dvb2dsZS12ZW50dXJlcy1mb3VuZGVyLXNheXMtZGF2aWQtZHJ1bW1vbmQtcmVhc29uLWhlLWxlZnQtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

China reports first death from mysterious outbreak in Wuhan - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2NoaW5hLXJlcG9ydHMtZGVhdGgtbXlzdGVyaW91cy1vdXRicmVhay13dWhhbi0yMDAxMTEwMjMzMjU1NDYuaHRtbNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9jaGluYS1yZXBvcnRzLWRlYXRoLW15c3RlcmlvdXMtb3V0YnJlYWstd3VoYW4tMjAwMTExMDIzMzI1NTQ2Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Packers-Seahawks Injury Report: Clark questionable along with several Seattle linemen - Acme Packing Company
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hY21lcGFja2luZ2NvbXBhbnkuY29tLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDY1My9wYWNrZXJzLXNlYWhhd2tzLWluanVyeS1yZXBvcnQtY2xhcmstcXVlc3Rpb25hYmxlLWFsb25nLXdpdGgtc2V2ZXJhbC1zZWF0dGxlLWxpbmVtZW7SAZcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWNtZXBhY2tpbmdjb21wYW55LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNjUzL3BhY2tlcnMtc2VhaGF3a3MtaW5qdXJ5LXJlcG9ydC1jbGFyay1xdWVzdGlvbmFibGUtYWxvbmctd2l0aC1zZXZlcmFsLXNlYXR0bGUtbGluZW1lbg?oc=5
https://www.acmepackingcompany.com

Kelly Slater Chats with ISS Astronaut Christina Koch - Surfline.com Surf News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnN1cmZsaW5lLmNvbS9zdXJmLW5ld3Mva2VsbHktc2xhdGVyLWNoYXRzLWlzcy1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2hyaXN0aW5hLWtvY2gvNzQ5NDPSAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5zdXJmbGluZS5jb20vc3VyZi1uZXdzL2tlbGx5LXNsYXRlci1jaGF0cy1pc3MtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNocmlzdGluYS1rb2NoLzc0OTQzL2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.surfline.com

Australia’s fires have killed or imperiled 1 billion animals, expert warns - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3NjaWVuY2UvYXVzdHJhbGlhLWZpcmVzLWtpbGxlZC1iaWxsaW9uLWFuaW1hbHPSAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9zY2llbmNlL2F1c3RyYWxpYS1maXJlcy1raWxsZWQtYmlsbGlvbi1hbmltYWxzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Women Now Outnumber Men On U.S. Payrolls - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyOTM1Mzkvd29tZW4tbm93LW91dG51bWJlci1tZW4tb24tdS1zLXBheXJvbGxz0gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Canada, under pressure at home over plane crash, warns Iran world is watching - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtY2FuYWRhL25vLW1vcmUtdGVhcnktZXllcy1mcm9tLXRydWRlYXUtaXJhbmlhbi1jYW5hZGlhbnMtZGVtYW5kLWFjdGlvbi1vbi1jcmFzaC1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MjdT0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTI3Uw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

MI confirms 2 children have died from flu - WOODTV.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndvb2R0di5jb20vbmV3cy9taWNoaWdhbi9taS1jb25maXJtcy1maXJzdC1jaGlsZC1mbHUtZGVhdGhzLW9mLXNlYXNvbi_SAVZodHRwczovL3d3dy53b29kdHYuY29tL25ld3MvbWljaGlnYW4vbWktY29uZmlybXMtZmlyc3QtY2hpbGQtZmx1LWRlYXRocy1vZi1zZWFzb24vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.woodtv.com

Royal Rewind: Harry and Meghan Step Down As Senior Royals And Meghan Returns To Canada - ET Canada
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SHpRT1MxWUNOYW_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Fired Boeing CEO won't receive severance, but he cashed out with $60+ million in benefits - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvdHJhdmVsL2FpcmxpbmUtbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2JvZWluZy03MzctbWF4LWZhbGxvdXQtb3VzdGVkLWNlby1ub3QtcmVjZWl2ZS1zZXZlcmFuY2UtcGF5LzQ0MzY0ODkwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDM2NDg5MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Byron York: Senate's Trump impeachment trial schedule a 'huge deal' for 2020 Democrats - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3NlbmF0ZS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC13YXJyZW4tc2FuZGVycy1ib29rZXItaW93YS1kZW1vY3JhdHPSAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9tZWRpYS9zZW5hdGUtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtd2FycmVuLXNhbmRlcnMtYm9va2VyLWlvd2EtZGVtb2NyYXRzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Mattress Seller Casper to Test Sleepy IPO Market - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvbWF0dHJlc3Mtc2VsbGVyLWNhc3Blci1zbGVlcC1maWxlcy1mb3ItaXBvLTExNTc4Njg1MzY10gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

CNN Sets Record $76 Million Back Pay Settlement With National Labor Relations Board - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9iaXovbmV3cy9jbm4tYmFja3BheS1zZXR0bGVtZW50LTc2LW1pbGxpb24tbGFib3ItMTIwMzQ2MzYxNS_SAVlodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvYml6L25ld3MvY25uLWJhY2twYXktc2V0dGxlbWVudC03Ni1taWxsaW9uLWxhYm9yLTEyMDM0NjM2MTUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

Department for Public Health announces first vaping-related death - LEX18 Lexington KY News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxleDE4LmNvbS9uZXdzL2NvdmVyaW5nLWtlbnR1Y2t5L2RlcGFydG1lbnQtZm9yLXB1YmxpYy1oZWFsdGgtYW5ub3VuY2VkLWZpcnN0LXZhcGluZy1yZWxhdGVkLWRlYXRoLWluLWt50gEA?oc=5
https://www.lex18.com

Casper Warns of an Unusual Risk in its IPO Filing: Influencers - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL2Nhc3Blci13YXJucy1vZi1hbi11bnVzdWFsLXJpc2staW4taXRzLWlwby1maWxpbmctaW5mbHVlbmNlcnPSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibG9vbWJlcmcuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2FydGljbGVzLzIwMjAtMDEtMTAvY2FzcGVyLXdhcm5zLW9mLWFuLXVudXN1YWwtcmlzay1pbi1pdHMtaXBvLWZpbGluZy1pbmZsdWVuY2Vycw?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Judge rules in favor of recall effort against Alaska Gov. Mike Dunleavy - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2p1ZGdlLWZhdm9yLXJlY2FsbC1hbGFza2EtZ292LW1pa2UtZHVubGVhdnnSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9qdWRnZS1mYXZvci1yZWNhbGwtYWxhc2thLWdvdi1taWtlLWR1bmxlYXZ5LmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Iran plane crash: Iran says it "unintentionally" shot down Ukrainian airplane - Live updates - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1pcmFuaWFucy1kZW55LXVzLWNsYWltcy1taXNzaWxlLXNob3QtZG93bi11a3JhaW5pYW4tcGxhbmUtdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0xMC1saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMvaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1pcmFuaWFucy1kZW55LXVzLWNsYWltcy1taXNzaWxlLXNob3QtZG93bi11a3JhaW5pYW4tcGxhbmUtdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0xMC1saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Potential problems with Boeing 737 Max concealed from regulators - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dUNWNV9ITjBRaU3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

NASA, Boeing aim to deliver first SLS core stage to Kennedy Space Center by this fall - Spaceflight Now
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vc3BhY2VmbGlnaHRub3cuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbmFzYS1ib2VpbmctYWltLXRvLWRlbGl2ZXItZmlyc3Qtc2xzLWNvcmUtc3RhZ2UtdG8ta2VubmVkeS1zcGFjZS1jZW50ZXItYnktdGhpcy1mYWxsL9IBAA?oc=5
https://spaceflightnow.com

Iran Says It Unintentionally Shot Down Ukrainian Airliner - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9taXNzaWxlLWlyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9taXNzaWxlLWlyYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Texas Governor Greg Abbott to reject refugees in 2020 under Trump executive order - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3JlZnVnZWVzLWluLXRleGFzLWdvdmVybm9yLWdyZWctYWJib3R0LXNheXMtc3RhdGUtd2lsbC1yZWplY3QtbmV3LXJlZnVnZWVzLXVuZGVyLXRydW1wLWV4ZWN1dGl2ZS1vcmRlci10b2RheS0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBmQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9yZWZ1Z2Vlcy1pbi10ZXhhcy1nb3Zlcm5vci1ncmVnLWFiYm90dC1zYXlzLXN0YXRlLXdpbGwtcmVqZWN0LW5ldy1yZWZ1Z2Vlcy11bmRlci10cnVtcC1leGVjdXRpdmUtb3JkZXItdG9kYXktMjAyMC0wMS0xMC8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Virginia legislators vote to ban guns at state Capitol | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc3RhdGUtd2F0Y2gvNDc3NzMyLXZpcmdpbmlhLWxlZ2lzbGF0b3JzLXZvdGUtdG8tYmFuLWd1bnMtYXQtc3RhdGUtY2FwaXRvbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc3RhdGUtd2F0Y2gvNDc3NzMyLXZpcmdpbmlhLWxlZ2lzbGF0b3JzLXZvdGUtdG8tYmFuLWd1bnMtYXQtc3RhdGUtY2FwaXRvbD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Bernie Sanders leads tightly clustered candidates in new Iowa poll - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMipQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtbGVhZHMtdGlnaHRseS1jbHVzdGVyZWQtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1pbi1uZXctaW93YS1wb2xsLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZmZiZjlhYjQtMzQwMy0xMWVhLWEwNTMtZGM2ZDk0NGJhNzc2X3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAbQBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2Jlcm5pZS1zYW5kZXJzLWxlYWRzLXRpZ2h0bHktY2x1c3RlcmVkLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtaW4tbmV3LWlvd2EtcG9sbC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2ZmYmY5YWI0LTM0MDMtMTFlYS1hMDUzLWRjNmQ5NDRiYTc3Nl9zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Only white candidates have qualified for the Democrats’ January debate - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiqAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vcG9saXRpY3Mvb25seS13aGl0ZS1jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWhhdmUtcXVhbGlmaWVkLWZvci10aGUtZGVtb2NyYXRzLWphbnVhcnktZGViYXRlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvNjdlNzA3YmMtMzNiNC0xMWVhLTkxZmQtODJkNGUwNGEzZmFjX3N0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAbcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL29ubHktd2hpdGUtY2FuZGlkYXRlcy1oYXZlLXF1YWxpZmllZC1mb3ItdGhlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1qYW51YXJ5LWRlYmF0ZS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzY3ZTcwN2JjLTMzYjQtMTFlYS05MWZkLTgyZDRlMDRhM2ZhY19zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Qasem Soleimani: Crisis puts Mid-East friends and foes on edge - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MTA0ODExN9IBN2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtNTEwNDgxMTc?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

SATURDAY’S WEATHER-TRAFFIC: Strong band of storms — likely severe — to move through Georgia - Atlanta Journal Constitution
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hamMuY29tL3dlYXRoZXIvc2F0dXJkYXktd2VhdGhlci10cmFmZmljLXN0cm9uZy1iYW5kLXN0b3Jtcy1saWtlbHktc2V2ZXJlLW1vdmUtdGhyb3VnaC1nZW9yZ2lhL2VFR1V1UXI4RERHYUFBQkQzZW15Y1Av0gGKAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vd2VhdGhlci9zYXR1cmRheS13ZWF0aGVyLXRyYWZmaWMtc3Ryb25nLWJhbmQtc3Rvcm1zLWxpa2VseS1zZXZlcmUtbW92ZS10aHJvdWdoLWdlb3JnaWEvZUVHVXVRcjhEREdhQUFCRDNlbXljUC9hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.ajc.com

Apple begins replacement program for iPhone XS, XS Max and XR Smart Battery Cases - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvYXBwbGUtYmVnaW5zLXJlcGxhY2VtZW50LXByb2dyYW0tZm9yLWlwaG9uZS14cy14cy1tYXgtYW5kLXhyLXNtYXJ0LWJhdHRlcnktY2FzZXMv0gF2aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25ldC5jb20vZ29vZ2xlLWFtcC9uZXdzL2FwcGxlLWJlZ2lucy1yZXBsYWNlbWVudC1wcm9ncmFtLWZvci1pcGhvbmUteHMteHMtbWF4LWFuZC14ci1zbWFydC1iYXR0ZXJ5LWNhc2VzLw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Joaquin Phoenix and Martin Sheen arrested in star-studded climate change protest on Capitol Hill - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9qb2FxdWluLXBob2VuaXgtbWFydGluLXNoZWVuLWFycmVzdGVkLXN0YXItc3R1ZGRlZC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1wcm90ZXN0LW4xMTEzODEx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM4MTE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Millions of Americans under threat of severe weather; Dallas area under tornado watch amid severe weather in southern and central U.S.; weekend could bring snow, ice to Midwest - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd2VhdGhlci1mb3JlY2FzdC10b3JuYWRvLXdhdGNoLXdhcm5pbmctZGFsbGFzLXRleGFzLXNldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLXRoaXMtd2Vla2VuZC10b2RheS0yMDIwLTAxLTEwL9IBggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy93ZWF0aGVyLWZvcmVjYXN0LXRvcm5hZG8td2F0Y2gtd2FybmluZy1kYWxsYXMtdGV4YXMtc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItdGhpcy13ZWVrZW5kLXRvZGF5LTIwMjAtMDEtMTAv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Sanders Leads Presidential Field in Poll of Iowa Democrats - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3NhbmRlcnMtbGVhZHMtcHJlc2lkZW50aWFsLWZpZWxkLWluLXBvbGwtb2YtaW93YS1kZW1vY3JhdHPSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibG9vbWJlcmcuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2FydGljbGVzLzIwMjAtMDEtMTAvc2FuZGVycy1sZWFkcy1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtZmllbGQtaW4tcG9sbC1vZi1pb3dhLWRlbW9jcmF0cw?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

How 'Lock Her Up!' blew up - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VlBKUmxsR2p6R0nSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Poll: Sanders takes lead in Iowa less than a month before vote | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3NzgyLXBvbGwtc2FuZGVycy10YWtlcy1sZWFkLWluLWlvd2EtbGVzcy10aGFuLWEtbW9udGgtYmVmb3JlLWNhdWN1c2Vz0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9ob21lbmV3cy9jYW1wYWlnbi80Nzc3ODItcG9sbC1zYW5kZXJzLXRha2VzLWxlYWQtaW4taW93YS1sZXNzLXRoYW4tYS1tb250aC1iZWZvcmUtY2F1Y3VzZXM_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Lamar Jackson and Mark Ingram have the most fun friendship in the NFL - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9uZmwvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDUxNTgwL2xhbWFyLWphY2tzb24tbWFyay1pbmdyYW0tYmFsdGltb3JlLXJhdmVucy1wbGF5b2Zmcy1tdnDSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYm5hdGlvbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL25mbC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTE1ODAvbGFtYXItamFja3Nvbi1tYXJrLWluZ3JhbS1iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXBsYXlvZmZzLW12cA?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

First vaping death announced in Ky. - WSAZ-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndzYXouY29tL2NvbnRlbnQvbmV3cy9GaXJzdC12YXBpbmctZGVhdGgtYW5ub3VuY2VkLWluLUt5LTU2Njg4ODU4MS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsaz.com

Warren, Sanders wealth taxes would hurt workers, conservative group says in new study | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2ZpbmFuY2UvNDc3NzE2LXJpZ2h0LWxlYW5pbmctZ3JvdXAtc2F5cy13YXJyZW4tc2FuZGVycy13ZWFsdGgtdGF4ZXMtd291bGQtaHVydC13b3JrZXJz0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9wb2xpY3kvZmluYW5jZS80Nzc3MTYtcmlnaHQtbGVhbmluZy1ncm91cC1zYXlzLXdhcnJlbi1zYW5kZXJzLXdlYWx0aC10YXhlcy13b3VsZC1odXJ0LXdvcmtlcnM_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Elon Musk Gets $2.1 Billion Richer This Week As Tesla Becomes America’s Most Valuable Car Company Ever - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2hheWxleWN1Y2NpbmVsbG8vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9lbG9uLW11c2stZ2V0cy0yMS1iaWxsaW9uLXJpY2hlci10aGlzLXdlZWstYXMtdGVzbGEtYmVjb21lcy1hbWVyaWNhcy1tb3N0LXZhbHVhYmxlLWNhci1jb21wYW55LWV2ZXIv0gGhAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvaGF5bGV5Y3VjY2luZWxsby8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Vsb24tbXVzay1nZXRzLTIxLWJpbGxpb24tcmljaGVyLXRoaXMtd2Vlay1hcy10ZXNsYS1iZWNvbWVzLWFtZXJpY2FzLW1vc3QtdmFsdWFibGUtY2FyLWNvbXBhbnktZXZlci9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Iranian military says it 'unintentionally' shot down Ukrainian plane - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvaXJhbmlhbi1taWxpdGFyeS1zYXlzLWl0LXVuaW50ZW50aW9uYWxseS1zaG90LWRvd24tdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lLW4xMTEzOTk20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM5OTY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

The latest on the ongoing royals drama - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SG5NN3AtVTY0a2_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

NFL reportedly decides not to fine Jadeveon Clowney for hit on Carson Wentz - Bleeding Green Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibGVlZGluZ2dyZWVubmF0aW9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA5NzEvbmZsLWphZGV2ZW9uLWNsb3duZXktY2Fyc29uLXdlbnR6LWhpdC1oZWxtZXQtaWxsZWdhbC1jb25jdXNzaW9uLWVhZ2xlcy1xdWFydGVyYmFjay1pbmp1cnktcGxheW9mZnPSAaYBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmxlZWRpbmdncmVlbm5hdGlvbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDk3MS9uZmwtamFkZXZlb24tY2xvd25leS1jYXJzb24td2VudHotaGl0LWhlbG1ldC1pbGxlZ2FsLWNvbmN1c3Npb24tZWFnbGVzLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrLWluanVyeS1wbGF5b2Zmcw?oc=5
https://www.bleedinggreennation.com

'Politics of love': the end of Marianne Williamson's bizarre and mesmerizing campaign - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzEwL21hcmlhbm5lLXdpbGxpYW1zb27SAUNodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMC9tYXJpYW5uZS13aWxsaWFtc29u?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Ukrainian aircraft was shot down in Iran due to human error: Iran military statement - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtYW5ub3VuY2VtZW50L3VrcmFpbmlhbi1haXJjcmFmdC13YXMtc2hvdC1kb3duLWluLWlyYW4tZHVlLXRvLWh1bWFuLWVycm9yLWlyYW4tbWlsaXRhcnktc3RhdGVtZW50LWlkVVNLQ04xWkEwNEzSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0NOMVpBMDRM?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Clowney won't be fined for Wentz hit - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU3OTgvYXJ0aWNsZS9qYWRldmVvbi1jbG93bmV5LXdvbnQtYmUtZmluZWQtZm9yLWNhcnNvbi13ZW50ei1oaXTSAbgDaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU3OTgvYXJ0aWNsZS9qYWRldmVvbi1jbG93bmV5LXdvbnQtYmUtZmluZWQtZm9yLWNhcnNvbi13ZW50ei1oaXQ_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRGFyb3VuZC10aGUtbGVhZ3VlO3RlYW0lM0RzZWE7dGVhbSUzRHBoaTtjb25mJTNEbmZjO2R2c24lM0RuY3c7ZHZzbiUzRG5jZTtwbHlyJTNEYnJhZGxleV9tY2RvdWdhbGQ7cGx5ciUzRGNhcnNvbl93ZW50ejtwbHlyJTNEamFkZXZlb25fY2xvd25leSZwLmN0PUFyb3VuZCt0aGUrTkZMJnAuYWRzbT10cnVlJnAudGNtPSUyM2ZmZiZwLmJnYzFtPSUyMzA5NjRiZiZwLmJnYzJtPSUyMzA1M2E3NCZzcj1hbXA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

Olympic Committee Bans Athletes From Making Political Protests During 2020 Games - The Root
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXJvb3QuY29tL29seW1waWMtY29tbWl0dGVlLWJhbnMtYXRobGV0ZXMtZnJvbS1tYWtpbmctcG9saXRpY2FsLXAtMTg0MDkzNjg0NdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXJvb3QuY29tL29seW1waWMtY29tbWl0dGVlLWJhbnMtYXRobGV0ZXMtZnJvbS1tYWtpbmctcG9saXRpY2FsLXAtMTg0MDkzNjg0NS9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.theroot.com

Three flu-related deaths in Lancaster County - 1011now
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjEwMTFub3cuY29tL2NvbnRlbnQvbmV3cy9UaHJlZS1kZWF0aHMtaW4tTGFuY2FzdGVyLUNvdW50eS0tNTY2ODk2NTgxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.1011now.com

Neil Peart dead: Rush drummer dies at age 67 - Global News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9RjBRcU1JRzZLNDTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Quotes of Note: What the Ravens Said About the Titans - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9uZmwvdGl0YW5zL25ld3MvdGVubmVzc2VlLXRpdGFucy1iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXF1b3Rlcy1vZi1u0gFcaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAtdGl0YW5zL25mbC90aXRhbnMvbmV3cy90ZW5uZXNzZWUtdGl0YW5zLWJhbHRpbW9yZS1yYXZlbnMtcXVvdGVzLW9mLW4?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Vikings place Mackensie Alexander on IR, downgrade Jayron Kearse to OUT - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bm9yc2VtYW4uY29tLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MTAyOC9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1wbGFjZS1tYWNrZW5zaWUtYWxleGFuZGVyLW9uLWlyLWRvd25ncmFkZS1qYXlyb24ta2VhcnNlLW91dNIBiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW5vcnNlbWFuLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYxMDI4L21pbm5lc290YS12aWtpbmdzLXBsYWNlLW1hY2tlbnNpZS1hbGV4YW5kZXItb24taXItZG93bmdyYWRlLWpheXJvbi1rZWFyc2Utb3V0?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

Boeing's fmr. CEO Muilenburg denied millions in severance but keeping millions as well - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL2JvZWluZ3MtZm9ybWVyLWNlby1tdWlsZW5idXJnLXdvbnQtZ2V0LW1pbGxpb25zLWluLXNldmVyYW5jZdIBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL2JvZWluZ3MtZm9ybWVyLWNlby1tdWlsZW5idXJnLXdvbnQtZ2V0LW1pbGxpb25zLWluLXNldmVyYW5jZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxbusiness.com

Was there prior beef between T.J. Warren and Jimmy Butler? An investigation. - Indy Cornrows
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluZHljb3Jucm93cy5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNDMxL3dhcy10aGVyZS1wcmlvci1iZWVmLWJldHdlZW4tdC1qLXdhcnJlbi1hbmQtamltbXktYnV0bGVyLWFuLWludmVzdGlnYXRpb27SAYYBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaW5keWNvcm5yb3dzLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNDMxL3dhcy10aGVyZS1wcmlvci1iZWVmLWJldHdlZW4tdC1qLXdhcnJlbi1hbmQtamltbXktYnV0bGVyLWFuLWludmVzdGlnYXRpb24?oc=5
https://www.indycornrows.com

Boeing CEO Fired Over 737 Max Crisis Receives Reduced $62M Stock And Pension Package - Jalopnik
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vamFsb3BuaWsuY29tL2JvZWluZy1jZW8tZmlyZWQtb3Zlci03MzctbWF4LWNyaXNpcy1yZWNlaXZlcy1yZWR1Y2VkLTE4NDA5MzcyMTLSAVlodHRwczovL2phbG9wbmlrLmNvbS9ib2VpbmctY2VvLWZpcmVkLW92ZXItNzM3LW1heC1jcmlzaXMtcmVjZWl2ZXMtcmVkdWNlZC0xODQwOTM3MjEyL2FtcA?oc=5
https://jalopnik.com

Trump officials didn't tell Senate that Qassem Soleimani plot allegedly targeted four embassies - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3RydW1wLW9mZmljaWFscy1kaWRudC10ZWxsLXNlbmF0ZS10aGF0LWlyYW5pYW4tZ2VuZXJhbC1xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLXBsb3QtdGFyZ2V0ZWQtZm91ci1lbWJhc3NpZXMtMjAyMC0wMS0xMC_SAZEBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2JzbmV3cy5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvdHJ1bXAtb2ZmaWNpYWxzLWRpZG50LXRlbGwtc2VuYXRlLXRoYXQtaXJhbmlhbi1nZW5lcmFsLXFhc3NlbS1zb2xlaW1hbmktcGxvdC10YXJnZXRlZC1mb3VyLWVtYmFzc2llcy0yMDIwLTAxLTEwLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Texas governor to reject new refugees under Trump order - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNzIxOTjSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA3MjE5OA?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Oprah Winfrey Pulls Out From Producing Russell Simmons #MeToo Document - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHA6Ly9tLmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTExMDcxNC9vcHJhaC13aW5mcmV5LXB1bGxzLW91dC1mcm9tLXByb2R1Y2luZy1ydXNzZWxsLXNpbW1vbnMtbWV0b28tZG9jdW1lbnRhcnnSAQA?oc=5
http://m.eonline.com

Story behind Kittle's KOTM hoodie and how you can buy one - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vYmF5YXJlYS80OWVycy9zdG9yeS1iZWhpbmQtZ2VvcmdlLWtpdHRsZXMta290bS1ob29kaWUtYW5kLWhvdy15b3UtY2FuLWJ1eS1vbmXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

FULL Divisional Round Preview - NFL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aGNZb1N3UDRpeDjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Mookie Betts agrees to 1-year, $27M deal with Red Sox - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL21vb2tpZS1iZXR0cy1hZ3JlZXMtdG8tMS15ZWFyLTI3bS1kZWFsLXdpdGgtcmVkLXNveC_SAVZodHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9tb29raWUtYmV0dHMtYWdyZWVzLXRvLTEteWVhci0yN20tZGVhbC13aXRoLXJlZC1zb3gvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

A Facebook Bug Exposed Anonymous Admins of Pages - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9mYWNlYm9vay1idWctcGFnZS1hZG1pbnMtZWRpdC1oaXN0b3J5LWRveHhpbmcv0gFNaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2lyZWQuY29tL3N0b3J5L2ZhY2Vib29rLWJ1Zy1wYWdlLWFkbWlucy1lZGl0LWhpc3RvcnktZG94eGluZy9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

The GOP’s Endless War on Democrats - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvaXJhbi1yZXB1YmxpY2Fucy13YXItb24tZGVtb2NyYXRzLmh0bWzSAVFodHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL2lyYW4tcmVwdWJsaWNhbnMtd2FyLW9uLWRlbW9jcmF0cy5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Jerick McKinnon is earning his pay through information - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9qZXJpY2stbWNraW5ub24taXMtZWFybmluZy1oaXMtcGF5LXRocm91Z2gtaW5mb3JtYXRpb24v0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly9wcm9mb290YmFsbHRhbGsubmJjc3BvcnRzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2plcmljay1tY2tpbm5vbi1pcy1lYXJuaW5nLWhpcy1wYXktdGhyb3VnaC1pbmZvcm1hdGlvbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

Carlos Ghosn Tries to Reclaim Narrative - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLXRyaWVzLXRvLXJlY2xhaW0tbmFycmF0aXZlLTExNTc4NzAwNzM30gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Iran missile shot down Ukraine-bound Boeing airliner, officials say - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzA5L3RydW1wLXNheXMtaGUtaGFzLWRvZXNudC1iZWxpZXZlLXRoZS1ib2VpbmctcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtaW4taXJhbi13YXMtZHVlLXRvLW1lY2hhbmljYWwtZXJyb3IuaHRtbNIBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8wOS90cnVtcC1zYXlzLWhlLWhhcy1kb2VzbnQtYmVsaWV2ZS10aGUtYm9laW5nLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWluLWlyYW4td2FzLWR1ZS10by1tZWNoYW5pY2FsLWVycm9yLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

'These memos definitely don't help': Damning Boeing 737 Max emails add to safety anxiety - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS90cmF2ZWwvYWlybGluZS1uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYm9laW5nLTczNy1tYXgtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtZW1haWxzLXBhc3Nlbmdlci1zYWZldHkvNDQzMDY1MTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MzA2NTEwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

First death from China mystery illness outbreak - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS93b3JsZC8yMDIwL2phbi8xMS9jaGluYS1teXN0ZXJ5LWlsbG5lc3Mtb3V0YnJlYWstY2F1c2VzLWZpcnN0LWRlYXRo0gFfaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL2NoaW5hLW15c3RlcnktaWxsbmVzcy1vdXRicmVhay1jYXVzZXMtZmlyc3QtZGVhdGg?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Trump: 'As much as I like Reagan, he was not good on trade' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3ByZXNpZGVudC10cnVtcC1yZWFnYW4td2FzLW5vdC1nb29kLW9uLXRyYWRl0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvcHJlc2lkZW50LXRydW1wLXJlYWdhbi13YXMtbm90LWdvb2Qtb24tdHJhZGUuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Iran says its forces shot down passenger plane due to human error - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvaXJhbnMtemFyaWYtc2F5cy11a3JhaW5pYW4tcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2gtY2F1c2VkLWJ5LWh1bWFuLWVycm9yLWFuZC11LXMtYWR2ZW50dXJpc20taWRVU0tDTjFaQTA0WdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQ04xWkEwNFk?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Meghan Markle's Dog May Have Been a Hint Their Announcement Was Coming - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lb25saW5lLmNvbS9uZXdzLzExMTA2OTYvbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1zLWRvZy1tYXktaGF2ZS1iZWVuLWEtaGludC1oZXItYW5kLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1zLXNob2NraW5nLWFubm91bmNlbWVudC13YXMtY29taW5n0gGHAWh0dHBzOi8vbS5lb25saW5lLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8xMTEwNjk2L21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcy1kb2ctbWF5LWhhdmUtYmVlbi1hLWhpbnQtaGVyLWFuZC1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktcy1zaG9ja2luZy1hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQtd2FzLWNvbWluZw?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

Selena Gomez’s ‘Rare’: Album Review - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9tdXNpYy9yZXZpZXdzL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1yYXJlLWFsYnVtLXJldmlldy0xMjAzNDYzNTcxL9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9tdXNpYy9yZXZpZXdzL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1yYXJlLWFsYnVtLXJldmlldy0xMjAzNDYzNTcxL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://variety.com

Ousted Boeing CEO to leave company with over $60M | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L3RyYW5zcG9ydGF0aW9uLzQ3Nzc4MS1vdXN0ZWQtYm9laW5nLWNlby10by1sZWF2ZS1jb21wYW55LXdpdGgtb3Zlci02MC1taWxsaW9u0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9wb2xpY3kvdHJhbnNwb3J0YXRpb24vNDc3NzgxLW91c3RlZC1ib2VpbmctY2VvLXRvLWxlYXZlLWNvbXBhbnktd2l0aC1vdmVyLTYwLW1pbGxpb24_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Majority of Americans favor wealth tax on very rich: Reuters/Ipsos poll - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXVzYS1lbGVjdGlvbi1pbmVxdWFsaXR5LXBvbGwvbWFqb3JpdHktb2YtYW1lcmljYW5zLWZhdm9yLXdlYWx0aC10YXgtb24tdmVyeS1yaWNoLXJldXRlcnMtaXBzb3MtcG9sbC1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MTQx0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTE0MQ?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

The 44 weirdest lines from Donald Trump's first 2020 campaign rally - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtdG9sZWRvLWtlZXAtYW1lcmljYS1ncmVhdC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtdG9sZWRvLWtlZXAtYW1lcmljYS1ncmVhdC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The end is in sight for impeachment limbo - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy9pbXBlYWNobWVudC13YXRjaC1qYW51YXJ5LTEwL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVNodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3BvbGl0aWNzL2ltcGVhY2htZW50LXdhdGNoLWphbnVhcnktMTAvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

FAA proposes $5.4 million fine for Boeing over defective 737 Max wing parts - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

A real unity candidate won't pretend to be able to attract Republicans. - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvdW5pdHktY2FuZGlkYXRlLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1yZXB1YmxpY2Fucy5odG1s0gFVaHR0cHM6Ly9zbGF0ZS5jb20vbmV3cy1hbmQtcG9saXRpY3MvMjAyMC8wMS91bml0eS1jYW5kaWRhdGUtZGVtb2NyYXRzLXJlcHVibGljYW5zLmFtcA?oc=5
https://slate.com

After a cheap gaming PC or gaming laptop deal? This Alienware sale is very eye-catching - GamesRadar+
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcmFkYXIuY29tL2FmdGVyLWEtY2hlYXAtZ2FtaW5nLXBjLW9yLWdhbWluZy1sYXB0b3AtZGVhbC10aGlzLWFsaWVud2FyZS1zYWxlLWlzLXZlcnktZXllLWNhdGNoaW5nL9IBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcmFkYXIuY29tL2FtcC9hZnRlci1hLWNoZWFwLWdhbWluZy1wYy1vci1nYW1pbmctbGFwdG9wLWRlYWwtdGhpcy1hbGllbndhcmUtc2FsZS1pcy12ZXJ5LWV5ZS1jYXRjaGluZy8?oc=5
https://www.gamesradar.com

FINAL WORDS! Ivana Habazin taunts Claressa Shields before WBC AND WBO title fight I Showtime Boxing - SecondsOut
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SDQyVnFHd3R6TE3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Iran says Ukrainian passenger plane was shot down unintentionally in fear of US aggression - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tc2hvdC1kb3duLXVrcmFpbmlhbi1wbGFuZS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tc2hvdC1kb3duLXVrcmFpbmlhbi1wbGFuZS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Andrew Benintendi, Eduardo Rodriguez Arbitration: Salaries Red Sox, Players Submitted - NESN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9hbmRyZXctYmVuaW50ZW5kaS1lZHVhcmRvLXJvZHJpZ3Vlei1hcmJpdHJhdGlvbi1zYWxhcmllcy1yZWQtc294LXBsYXllcnMtc3VibWl0dGVkL9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vbmVzbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9hbmRyZXctYmVuaW50ZW5kaS1lZHVhcmRvLXJvZHJpZ3Vlei1hcmJpdHJhdGlvbi1zYWxhcmllcy1yZWQtc294LXBsYXllcnMtc3VibWl0dGVkL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nesn.com

“Life Is Good” by Future / Drake Review - Pitchfork
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vcGl0Y2hmb3JrLmNvbS9yZXZpZXdzL3RyYWNrcy9mdXR1cmUtZHJha2UtbGlmZS1pcy1nb29kL9IBAA?oc=5
https://pitchfork.com

White House continues stonewalling on slew of issues - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtdHJhbnNwYXJlbmN5LXN0b25ld2FsbGluZy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXAtd2hpdGUtaG91c2UtdHJhbnNwYXJlbmN5LXN0b25ld2FsbGluZy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Claressa Shields After Historic Win: 'I'm The GWOAT!' | SHOWTIME BOXING SPECIAL EDITION - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Qnk4TnJ0N1c3RknSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Why Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Left Baby Archie in Canada Amid Bombshell Announcement Drama - Entertainment Tonight
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bDZMSExsSXhtZlHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Lawmakers question what led U.S. to kill General Soleimani - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UHZHcTNFb25na0HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Meghan Markle Back in Canada While Prince Harry Faces Royal Family | Daily Pop | E! News - E! News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9OWhIeUtWcEM4cnPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

U.S. targeted Iranian official in Yemen in failed strike: sources - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYXEtc2VjdXJpdHktdXNhLXllbWVuL3VzLXRhcmdldGVkLWlyYW5pYW4tb2ZmaWNpYWwtaW4teWVtZW4taW4tZmFpbGVkLXN0cmlrZS1zb3VyY2VzLWlkVVNLQk4xWjkyOUfSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MjlH?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

2nd assassination attempt by US creates more tension with Iran - WTOP
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3RvcC5jb20vai1qLWdyZWVuLW5hdGlvbmFsLzIwMjAvMDEvMm5kLWFzc2Fzc2luYXRpb24tYXR0ZW1wdC1ieS11cy1jcmVhdGVzLW1vcmUtdGVuc2lvbi13aXRoLWlyYW4v0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93dG9wLmNvbS9qLWotZ3JlZW4tbmF0aW9uYWwvMjAyMC8wMS8ybmQtYXNzYXNzaW5hdGlvbi1hdHRlbXB0LWJ5LXVzLWNyZWF0ZXMtbW9yZS10ZW5zaW9uLXdpdGgtaXJhbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://wtop.com

Here's what to know about Harry and Meghan's 'step back' from royal duties - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9eGJia0NNOEczRVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Harry and Meghan: Voiceover deal with Disney hints at future career path - The Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXRpbWVzLmNvLnVrL2FydGljbGUvdm9pY2VvdmVyLWRlYWwtd2l0aC1kaXNuZXktaGludHMtYXQtZnV0dXJlLWNhcmVlci1wYXRoLTVzcjBqbWp2ZNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.thetimes.co.uk

Pentagon launched second attack on an Iranian militant the same day it killed Soleimani - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2lyYW4tdXMtdGFyZ2V0ZWQtc2Vjb25kLWlyYW5pYW4tbWlsaXRhbnQtZGF5LXNvbGVpbWFuaS1raWxsaW5nLzQ0MzUzMTMwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDM1MzEzMDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

With Harry out, the royal family may have to change its ways - Aljazeera.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYWppbXBhY3QvaGFycnktcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LWNoYW5nZS13YXlzLTIwMDExMDIwNTczMjk0Ni5odG1s0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWxqYXplZXJhLmNvbS9hbXAvYWppbXBhY3QvaGFycnktcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LWNoYW5nZS13YXlzLTIwMDExMDIwNTczMjk0Ni5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Meghan Markle, Prince Harry feel ‘driven out’ - New York Daily News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9zbnlkZS9ueS1tZWdoYW4taGFycnktZmVlbC1kcml2ZW4tb3V0LTIwMjAwMTEwLWJkZmRnN2t6b3ZhZmhmZm5hczcyaDdxYXdhLXN0b3J5Lmh0bWzSAX9odHRwczovL3d3dy5ueWRhaWx5bmV3cy5jb20vc255ZGUvbnktbWVnaGFuLWhhcnJ5LWZlZWwtZHJpdmVuLW91dC0yMDIwMDExMC1iZGZkZzdrem92YWZoZmZuYXM3Mmg3cWF3YS1zdG9yeS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.nydailynews.com

Casper Sleep’s IPO Filing: 4 Facts You Must Know - Barron's
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJhcnJvbnMuY29tL2FydGljbGVzL2Nhc3Blci1zbGVlcHMtaXBvLWZpbGluZy00LWZhY3RzLXlvdS1tdXN0LWtub3ctNTE1Nzg2ODkwMDLSAQA?oc=5
https://www.barrons.com

Live Updates: Iran Says Downing of Plane Was ‘Disastrous Mistake’ - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXVrcmFpbmUtcGxhbmUtY3Jhc2guYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Biden fires back at Trump over Iran: Quit blaming Obama - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ZzM0NUNsYVkwLWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Meghan Markle returns to Canada - New York Daily News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9zbnlkZS9ueS1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWNhbmFkYS1tZWd4aXQtMjAyMDAxMTEtdHp0YWs0aGFwNWc3dmtoaHY2bDJsa2o1YXUtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBfmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9zbnlkZS9ueS1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWNhbmFkYS1tZWd4aXQtMjAyMDAxMTEtdHp0YWs0aGFwNWc3dmtoaHY2bDJsa2o1YXUtc3RvcnkuaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.nydailynews.com

Iran says it 'unintentionally' shot down Ukrainian jetliner near Tehran - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3dvcmxkLW5hdGlvbi9zdG9yeS8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL2lyYW4tdW5pbnRlbnRpb25hbGx5LXNob3QtZG93bi11a3JhaW5pYW4tamV0bGluZXLSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5sYXRpbWVzLmNvbS93b3JsZC1uYXRpb24vc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC9pcmFuLXVuaW50ZW50aW9uYWxseS1zaG90LWRvd24tdWtyYWluaWFuLWpldGxpbmVyP19hbXA9dHJ1ZQ?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Instagram says it's removing posts supporting Soleimani to comply with US sanctions - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNoL2luc3RhZ3JhbS1pcmFuLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1wb3N0cy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNoL2luc3RhZ3JhbS1pcmFuLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1wb3N0cy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump’s climate change reading material is beyond parody - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwNDEwL3RydW1wLWNsaW1hdGUtY2hhbmdlLWJvb2vSAU1odHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjA0MTAvdHJ1bXAtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2UtYm9vaw?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Megxit: Queen Elizabeth Agrees To Sort Out Deal For Prince Harry And Meghan Markle | NBC News NOW - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9clRwb1BpNUNpQWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Global Box Office Hits New Record in 2019 With $42.5 Billion - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL2JveC1vZmZpY2UvYm94LW9mZmljZS11cy1taXNzZXMtcmVjb3JkLWRpc25leS1kb21pbmF0ZXMtMTIwMzQ1Mzc1Mi_SAWVodHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvZmlsbS9ib3gtb2ZmaWNlL2JveC1vZmZpY2UtdXMtbWlzc2VzLXJlY29yZC1kaXNuZXktZG9taW5hdGVzLTEyMDM0NTM3NTIvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

Trump asks South Korea to deliver birthday message to Kim Jong Un - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zb3V0aC1rb3JlYS1raW0tam9uZy11bi1iaXJ0aGRheS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zb3V0aC1rb3JlYS1raW0tam9uZy11bi1iaXJ0aGRheS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Japan seeks Interpol wanted notice for wife of ex Nissan boss - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLW5pc3Nhbi1naG9zbi13aWZlL2phcGFuLXNlZWtzLWludGVycG9sLXdhbnRlZC1ub3RpY2UtZm9yLXdpZmUtb2YtZXgtbmlzc2FuLWJvc3MtaWRVU0tDTjFaQTA1SNIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQ04xWkEwNUg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Rush drummer Neil Peart remembered for distinctive sound - CBC News: The National
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UXZDNlZxNzg0d1HSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Mystifying Puzzle of Early Neolithic House Orientations Finally Solved - SciTechDaily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vc2NpdGVjaGRhaWx5LmNvbS9teXN0aWZ5aW5nLXB1enpsZS1vZi1lYXJseS1uZW9saXRoaWMtaG91c2Utb3JpZW50YXRpb25zLWZpbmFsbHktc29sdmVkL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vc2NpdGVjaGRhaWx5LmNvbS9teXN0aWZ5aW5nLXB1enpsZS1vZi1lYXJseS1uZW9saXRoaWMtaG91c2Utb3JpZW50YXRpb25zLWZpbmFsbHktc29sdmVkL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://scitechdaily.com

Australia is burning. The Arctic is melting. Yet Trump keeps gutting climate change regulations. - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1jbGltYXRlLWNoYW5nZS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsLXBvbGljeS1yb2xsYmFja3MvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtY2xpbWF0ZS1jaGFuZ2UtZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbC1wb2xpY3ktcm9sbGJhY2tzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

U.S. targeted Iranian official in Yemen in failed strike: sources - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYXEtc2VjdXJpdHktdXNhLXllbWVuL3Utcy10YXJnZXRlZC1pcmFuaWFuLW9mZmljaWFsLWluLXllbWVuLWluLWZhaWxlZC1zdHJpa2Utc291cmNlcy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5MjlH0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTI5Rw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Iran to probe black boxes after missile blamed for plane crash - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gvYm9laW5nLWpldC1jcmFzaGVzLWluLWlyYW4td2l0aC1uby1zdXJ2aXZvcnMtc2VjdXJpdHktc291cmNlcy1zZWUtdGVjaG5pY2FsLWNhdXNlLWlkVVNLQk4xWjcwRUzSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVo5MjUw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Tornadoes hit Missouri, Oklahoma, as severe storms move east - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3Rvcm5hZG9lcy10aHVuZGVyc3Rvcm1zLWZsb29kaW5nLXNvdXRoLW1pc3NvdXJpLW9rbGFob21hLWFya2Fuc2FzLXRleGFz0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvdG9ybmFkb2VzLXRodW5kZXJzdG9ybXMtZmxvb2Rpbmctc291dGgtbWlzc291cmktb2tsYWhvbWEtYXJrYW5zYXMtdGV4YXMuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

North Korea says US 'deceived' Pyongyang on nuclear talks after Trump sends Kim birthday letter - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hc2lhL25vcnRoLWtvcmVhLXRydW1wLWxldHRlci1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hc2lhL25vcnRoLWtvcmVhLXRydW1wLWxldHRlci1pbnRsLWhuay9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

A 4-year-old circular Android phone appears at CES 2020 as a square peg in a round hole - Android Police
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRwb2xpY2UuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY3lyY2xlLXBob25lLWNlczIwMjAv0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kcm9pZHBvbGljZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9jeXJjbGUtcGhvbmUtY2VzMjAyMC8_YW1w?oc=5
https://www.androidpolice.com

Could round smartphones be the next big thing? Cyrcle hopes so - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3MvY291bGQtcm91bmQtc21hcnRwaG9uZXMtYmUtbmV4dC1iaWctdGhpbmctY3lyY2xlLXRoaW5rcy1zby_SAWBodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3MvY291bGQtcm91bmQtc21hcnRwaG9uZXMtYmUtbmV4dC1iaWctdGhpbmctY3lyY2xlLXRoaW5rcy1zby8?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Seahawks' Jadeveon Clowney will not be punished for helmet-to-helmet hit on Carson Wentz - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3Mvc2VhaGF3a3MtamFkZXZlb24tY2xvd25leS13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1wdW5pc2hlZC1mb3ItaGVsbWV0LXRvLWhlbG1ldC1oaXQtb24tY2Fyc29uLXdlbnR6L9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3Mvc2VhaGF3a3MtamFkZXZlb24tY2xvd25leS13aWxsLW5vdC1iZS1wdW5pc2hlZC1mb3ItaGVsbWV0LXRvLWhlbG1ldC1oaXQtb24tY2Fyc29uLXdlbnR6L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Ivana Habazin - FULL POST FIGHT PRESS CONFERENCE I Shields vs Habazin I Showtime Boxing - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bUhFYmtPeC1jTkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Android Circuit: New Samsung Galaxy S20 Leaks, Huawei’s Big Google Problem, Radical OnePlus 8 Lite Revealed - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMirQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2V3YW5zcGVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hbmRyb2lkLWdvb2dsZS1uZXdzLXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMyMC1nYWxheHktczExLW9uZXBsdXMtOC1saXRlLW5ldy1sZWFrLWh1YXdlaS1ob25vci12MzAtcHJvLXBpeGVsLTQtcG9rZW1vbi1nby1zdWNjZXNzL9IBsQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2V3YW5zcGVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hbmRyb2lkLWdvb2dsZS1uZXdzLXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMyMC1nYWxheHktczExLW9uZXBsdXMtOC1saXRlLW5ldy1sZWFrLWh1YXdlaS1ob25vci12MzAtcHJvLXBpeGVsLTQtcG9rZW1vbi1nby1zdWNjZXNzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Cancer deaths fell by a record amount in the US - Quartz
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODMxNjgvY2FuY2VyLWRlYXRocy1mZWxsLWJ5LWEtcmVjb3JkLWFtb3VudC1pbi10aGUtdXMv0gEA?oc=5
https://qz.com

For the upcoming Iowa contest, pay close attention to age and ideology - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL21lZXQtdGhlLXByZXNzL3VwY29taW5nLWlvd2EtY29udGVzdC1wYXktY2xvc2UtYXR0ZW50aW9uLWFnZS1pZGVvbG9neS1uMTExMzQzMdIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTEzNDMx?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Here's How a Professor Landed the Cover Art for Drake and Future's What a Time to Be Alive Project - XXLMAG.COM
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnh4bG1hZy5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2RyYWtlLWZ1dHVyZS13aGF0LWEtdGltZS10by1iZS1hbGl2ZS1jb3Zlci10ZWFjaGVyL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.xxlmag.com

Tom Steyer on US confrontation with Iran, whether President Trump can be trusted to tell the truth - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9aW41anRZajRrYXfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Boeing CEO Muilenburg $62M payout announced same time as 2,800 layoffs - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vYm9laW5nLW11aWxlbmJ1cmctcGF5b3V0LXNhbWUtdGltZS10aG91c2FuZHMtbGF5b2Zmcy0yMDIwLTHSAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL2JvZWluZy1tdWlsZW5idXJnLXBheW91dC1zYW1lLXRpbWUtdGhvdXNhbmRzLWxheW9mZnMtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Prince Harry's wife Meghan returns to Canada amid royal storm - The Times of Israel
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRpbWVzb2Zpc3JhZWwuY29tL3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeXMtd2lmZS1tZWdoYW4tcmV0dXJucy10by1jYW5hZGEtYW1pZC1yb3lhbC1zdG9ybS_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.timesofisrael.com

Will Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Live in Toronto? - Inside Edition
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9SEdFUFpZNXAybWvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Exit the Warrior: Rush's Neil Peart, 1952-2020 - Buffalo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vYnVmZmFsb25ld3MuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZXhpdC10aGUtd2Fycmlvci1uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LTE5NTItMjAyMC_SAQA?oc=5
https://buffalonews.com

Trump privately admits he killed Soleimani “under pressure” from upcoming impeachment trial: report - Salon
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYWxvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90cnVtcC1wcml2YXRlbHktYWRtaXRzLWhlLWtpbGxlZC1zb2xlaW1hbmktdW5kZXItcHJlc3N1cmUtZnJvbS11cGNvbWluZy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1yZXBvcnQv0gGFAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhbG9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RydW1wLXByaXZhdGVseS1hZG1pdHMtaGUta2lsbGVkLXNvbGVpbWFuaS11bmRlci1wcmVzc3VyZS1mcm9tLXVwY29taW5nLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLXJlcG9ydC9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.salon.com

Joycelyn Savage reunites with family at courthouse - REVOLT TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldm9sdC50di9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDM2OS9qb3ljZWx5bi1zYXZhZ2UtZmFtaWx5LWNvdXJ0aG91c2XSAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXZvbHQudHYvcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMzY5L2pveWNlbHluLXNhdmFnZS1mYW1pbHktY291cnRob3VzZQ?oc=5
https://www.revolt.tv

Joe Biden Most Likely Democrat to Beat Donald Trump, Party Members Tell Pollsters - Newsweek
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3N3ZWVrLmNvbS9qb2UtYmlkZW4tYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtZWxlY3Rpb24tMjAyMC1pcHNvcy1yZXV0ZXJzLTE0ODE0MjjSAVtodHRwczovL3d3dy5uZXdzd2Vlay5jb20vam9lLWJpZGVuLWJlcm5pZS1zYW5kZXJzLWVsZWN0aW9uLTIwMjAtaXBzb3MtcmV1dGVycy0xNDgxNDI4P2FtcD0x?oc=5
https://www.newsweek.com

Biden slams Trump on Iran policy, says he hurt US interests - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL2JpZGVuLXNsYW1zLXRydW1wLW9uLWlyYW4tcG9saWN5LXNheXMtaGUtaHVydC11cy1pbnRlcmVzdHPSAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9wb2xpdGljcy9iaWRlbi1zbGFtcy10cnVtcC1vbi1pcmFuLXBvbGljeS1zYXlzLWhlLWh1cnQtdXMtaW50ZXJlc3RzLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

State Department raises travel advisory for Australia amid fires l ABC News - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WDhZRGpmT3JneVHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

R. Kelly's Girlfriends Punch, Kick & Drag in Full Fight Video - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9yLWtlbGx5LWdpcmxmcmllbmQtZnVsbC1maWdodC12aWRlby1henJpZWwtY2xhcnktam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlL9IBYGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9yLWtlbGx5LWdpcmxmcmllbmQtZnVsbC1maWdodC12aWRlby1henJpZWwtY2xhcnktam95Y2VseW4tc2F2YWdlLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

The Times' disgraceful smear of America's top defense officials - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3RoZS10aW1lcy1kaXNncmFjZWZ1bC1zbWVhci1vZi1hbWVyaWNhcy10b3AtZGVmZW5zZS1vZmZpY2lhbHMv0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdGhlLXRpbWVzLWRpc2dyYWNlZnVsLXNtZWFyLW9mLWFtZXJpY2FzLXRvcC1kZWZlbnNlLW9mZmljaWFscy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

2019 Global Box Office Hit Record $42.5B Despite 4 Percent Dip in U.S. - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMTktZ2xvYmFsLWJveC1vZmZpY2UtaGl0LXJlY29yZC00MjViLTQtcGVyY2VudC1wbHVuZ2UtdXMtMTI2ODYwMNIBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDE5LWdsb2JhbC1ib3gtb2ZmaWNlLWhpdC1yZWNvcmQtNDI1Yi00LXBlcmNlbnQtcGx1bmdlLXVzLTEyNjg2MDA?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Harry and Meghan Betting Odds Suggest Pregnancy, Politics - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1yb3lhbC1iZXR0aW5nLW9kZHMtcHJlZ25hbmN5LWJhYnkv0gFcaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudG16LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLXJveWFsLWJldHRpbmctb2Rkcy1wcmVnbmFuY3ktYmFieS8?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

The highly anticipated Iowa poll reveals a narrow frontrunner in Iowa: Bernie Sanders - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vbXVjaC1hbnRpY2lhdGVkLWlvd2EtcG9sbC1yZXZlYWxzLW5ldy1mcm9udC1ydW5uZXItYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtMjAyMC0x0gFoaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9tdWNoLWFudGljaWF0ZWQtaW93YS1wb2xsLXJldmVhbHMtbmV3LWZyb250LXJ1bm5lci1iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Tri-Cities surrounded by snow; travel could be 'difficult to impossible' - KEPR 19
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHA6Ly9rZXBydHYuY29tL25ld3MvbG9jYWwvdHJpLWNpdGllcy1zdXJyb3VuZGVkLWJ5LXNub3ctdHJhdmVsLWNvdWxkLWJlLWRpZmZpY3VsdC10by1pbXBvc3NpYmxl0gFnaHR0cHM6Ly9rZXBydHYuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2xvY2FsL3RyaS1jaXRpZXMtc3Vycm91bmRlZC1ieS1zbm93LXRyYXZlbC1jb3VsZC1iZS1kaWZmaWN1bHQtdG8taW1wb3NzaWJsZQ?oc=5
http://keprtv.com

'It Has Made Chaos Everywhere': Iranian Reactions to the U.S. Killing Suleimani - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tL3ZpZGVvL3dvcmxkL21pZGRsZWVhc3QvMTAwMDAwMDA2OTA3NjM3L2lyYW5pYW4tcGVvcGxlLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1yZWFjdGlvbnMuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Iran - Pompeo on plane crash, new sanctions and 'imminent' Soleimani attack - The Sun
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9TlJJd2hGVHNDVkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

How the Public Feels About Trump’s Iran Strategy - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1wb2xscy5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1pcmFuLXBvbGxzLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Galaxy S20's new name confirmed along with 120Hz displays (report) - Tom's Guide
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvbXNndWlkZS5jb20vbmV3cy9nYWxheHktczIwcy1uZXctbmFtZS1jb25maXJtZWQtYWxvbmctd2l0aC0xMjBoei1kaXNwbGF5cy1yZXBvcnTSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy50b21zZ3VpZGUuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2dhbGF4eS1zMjBzLW5ldy1uYW1lLWNvbmZpcm1lZC1hbG9uZy13aXRoLTEyMGh6LWRpc3BsYXlzLXJlcG9ydA?oc=5
https://www.tomsguide.com

In Iran, tensions with U.S. drown out anger over crackdown on protests - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5sYXRpbWVzLmNvbS93b3JsZC1uYXRpb24vc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC9mb3ItaXJhbmlhbnMtZGVhdGgtb2Ytc3VsZWltYW5pLW92ZXJzaGFkb3dzLWdvdmVybm1lbnRzLWh1bWFuLXJpZ2h0cy10cmFjay1yZWNvcmTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

How a High Schooler Scooped Everyone on the Iowa Poll - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvaW93YS1wb2xsLXN0dWRlbnQtc2Nvb3AuaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYnVzaW5lc3MvaW93YS1wb2xsLXN0dWRlbnQtc2Nvb3AuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Steyer joins Democratic debate stage after new polls - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMTk2L3N0ZXllci1kZW1vY3JhdGljLWRlYmF0ZS1wb2xsaW5nLXF1YWxpZmllctIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDE5Ni9zdGV5ZXItZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1kZWJhdGUtcG9sbGluZy1xdWFsaWZpZXI?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Oprah quits sexual harassment documentary slated for Sundance and Apple TV Plus - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3Mvb3ByYWgtcXVpdHMtc2V4dWFsLWhhcmFzc21lbnQtZG9jdW1lbnRhcnktc2xhdGVkLWZvci1zdW5kYW5jZS1hbmQtYXBwbGUtdHYtcGx1cy_SAXVodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmV0LmNvbS9nb29nbGUtYW1wL25ld3Mvb3ByYWgtcXVpdHMtc2V4dWFsLWhhcmFzc21lbnQtZG9jdW1lbnRhcnktc2xhdGVkLWZvci1zdW5kYW5jZS1hbmQtYXBwbGUtdHYtcGx1cy8?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Iran admits to shooting down plane unintentionally: Live updates - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9saXZlLW5ld3MvdXMtaXJhbi1uZXdzLTAxLTExLTIwMjAtaW50bC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9saXZlLW5ld3MvdXMtaXJhbi1uZXdzLTAxLTExLTIwMjAtaW50bC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Japan seeks Interpol wanted notice for wife of ex Nissan boss - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigJodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLW5pc3Nhbi1naG9zbi13aWZlL2phcGFuLXNlZWtzLWludGVycG9sLXdhbnRlZC1ub3RpY2UtZm9yLXdpZmUtb2YtZXgtbmlzc2FuLWJvc3MtaWRVU0tDTjFaQTA1SD9mZWVkVHlwZT1SU1MmZmVlZE5hbWU9dG9wTmV3cyZ1dG1fc291cmNlPWZlZWRidXJuZXImdXRtX21lZGl1bT1mZWVkJnV0bV9jYW1wYWlnbj1GZWVkJTNBK3JldXRlcnMlMkZ0b3BOZXdzKyUyOE5ld3MrJTJGK1VTKyUyRitUb3ArTmV3cyUyOdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQ04xWkEwNUg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

What to Know About Taiwan’s Presidential Election - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvYXNpYS90YWl3YW4tZWxlY3Rpb24uaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvYXNpYS90YWl3YW4tZWxlY3Rpb24uYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Ravens Report: Time to Start a Playoff Run - Baltimore Ravens
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Zlg1Vmw3YzNsLU3SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Why Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Resignation Is 'Unhelpful' For Royal Family - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvd2h5LXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1hbmQtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZXMtcmVzaWduYXRpb24taXMtdW5oZWxwZnVsLWZvci1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHkuaHRtbC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Sultan Qaboos of Oman, Arab world's longest-serving ruler, dies aged 79 - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1taWRkbGUtZWFzdC01MDkwMjQ3NtIBN2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvd29ybGQtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtNTA5MDI0NzY?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Chris Johnson Says He'd Beat Lamar Jackson In A Race 'Right Now' - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9jaHJpcy1qb2huc29uLWxhbWFyLWphY2tzb24tdGl0YW5zLXJhdmVucy1yYWNlLXBsYXlvZmZzL9IBV2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9jaHJpcy1qb2huc29uLWxhbWFyLWphY2tzb24tdGl0YW5zLXJhdmVucy1yYWNlLXBsYXlvZmZzLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Mark Steyn on Marianne Williamson: 'Love can't buy you north of 0.5 percent in Iowa or New Hampshire' - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL21hcmstc3RleW4tcmVhY3RzLXRvLW1hcmlhbm5lLXdpbGxpYW1zb24tc3VzcGVuZGluZy0yMDIwLWNhbXBhaWduLWxvdmUtaGFzLW5vdC13b27SAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9tZWRpYS9tYXJrLXN0ZXluLXJlYWN0cy10by1tYXJpYW5uZS13aWxsaWFtc29uLXN1c3BlbmRpbmctMjAyMC1jYW1wYWlnbi1sb3ZlLWhhcy1ub3Qtd29uLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Factbox: In Boeing internal messages, employees distrust the 737 MAX and mock regulators - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWJvZWluZy03MzdtYXgtZmFjdGJveC9mYWN0Ym94LWluLWJvZWluZy1pbnRlcm5hbC1tZXNzYWdlcy1lbXBsb3llZXMtZGlzdHJ1c3QtdGhlLTczNy1tYXgtYW5kLW1vY2stcmVndWxhdG9ycy1pZFVTS0JOMVo5ME5Q0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaOTBOUA?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Oman names a new leader after the death of Sultan Qaboos bin Said - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9taWRkbGVlYXN0L29tYW4tc3VsdGFuLXFhYm9vcy1iaW4tc2FpZC1kZWF0aC1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL21pZGRsZWVhc3Qvb21hbi1zdWx0YW4tcWFib29zLWJpbi1zYWlkLWRlYXRoLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Your Impeachment Questions, Answered - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcXVlc3Rpb25zLWFuc3dlcnMuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtcXVlc3Rpb25zLWFuc3dlcnMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

How Hong Kong’s protests have rattled Taiwan’s elections - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vd29ybGQvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDYwMTM1L3RhaXdhbi1lbGVjdGlvbi1ob25nLWtvbmctY2hpbmEtdHNhaS1oYW7SAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC93b3JsZC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAxMzUvdGFpd2FuLWVsZWN0aW9uLWhvbmcta29uZy1jaGluYS10c2FpLWhhbg?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Iran military admits it mistakenly shot down jetliner - New York Daily News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55ZGFpbHluZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkL255LWlyYW4tcGxhbmUtbWlzc2lsZS0yMDIwMDExMS14YmJzaXI3YWh2ZjZsZG1odzJzdDVjY29xNC1zdG9yeS5odG1s0gF6aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnlkYWlseW5ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvbnktaXJhbi1wbGFuZS1taXNzaWxlLTIwMjAwMTExLXhiYnNpcjdhaHZmNmxkbWh3MnN0NWNjb3E0LXN0b3J5Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.nydailynews.com

Ex-NTSB official: Shocking Boeing 737 Max messages 'paints a bad light' but no new safety risks - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvZXgtbnRzYi1vZmZpY2lhbC1ib2VpbmctZW1haWxzLXBhaW50cy1hLWJhZC1saWdodC1ub3Qtc2FmZXR5LXJpc2tzLmh0bWzSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9leC1udHNiLW9mZmljaWFsLWJvZWluZy1lbWFpbHMtcGFpbnRzLWEtYmFkLWxpZ2h0LW5vdC1zYWZldHktcmlza3MuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Taiwan 2020 Election Results - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vZ3JhcGhpY3MvMjAyMC10YWl3YW4tZWxlY3Rpb24tcmVzdWx0cy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

MAX Chatter at Boeing Undercuts Its Public Stance - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvbWF4LWNoYXR0ZXItYXQtYm9laW5nLXVuZGVyY3V0cy1pdHMtcHVibGljLXN0YW5jZS0xMTU3ODcwNzAwNtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Steve McQueen’s 1968 Mustang from 'Bullitt' sells for $3.4 million - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS9jYXJzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvbWVjdW0tYXVjdGlvbi1zZWxscy1zdGV2ZS1tY3F1ZWVucy1idWxsaXR0LW11c3RhbmctMy00LW1pbGxpb24vNDQzNzQwNTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0Mzc0MDUwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Samsung's Neon AI has an ethics problem, and it's as old as sci-fi canon - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL25ld3Mvc2Ftc3VuZ3MtbmVvbi1haS1oYXMtYW4tZXRoaWNzLXByb2JsZW0tYW5kLWl0cy1hcy1vbGQtYXMtc2NpLWZpLWNhbm9uL9IBa2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9zYW1zdW5ncy1uZW9uLWFpLWhhcy1hbi1ldGhpY3MtcHJvYmxlbS1hbmQtaXRzLWFzLW9sZC1hcy1zY2ktZmktY2Fub24v?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Boeing supplier layoffs raise new questions about 737 Max timeline - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2J1c2luZXNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMTAvYm9laW5nLWxheXMtb2YtMi04MDAtcmFpc2luZy1uZXctcXVlc3Rpb25zLWFib3V0LTczNy1tYXgtZnV0dXJl0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubGF0aW1lcy5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3Mvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC9ib2VpbmctbGF5cy1vZi0yLTgwMC1yYWlzaW5nLW5ldy1xdWVzdGlvbnMtYWJvdXQtNzM3LW1heC1mdXR1cmU_X2FtcD10cnVl?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Racism Helped Drive Prince Harry Meghan Markle Out of UK and Away From the Royal Family - Inc.
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmluYy5jb20vbWluZGEtemV0bGluL3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWxlYXZpbmctdWstcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LXJhY2lzbS10YWJsb2lkcy5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.inc.com

How to watch Titans-Ravens AFC playoff game online, on TV - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vYmF5YXJlYS80OWVycy90aXRhbnMtdnMtcmF2ZW5zLWxpdmUtc3RyZWFtLWhvdy13YXRjaC1uZmwtcGxheW9mZi1nYW1lLW9ubGluZS10dtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

Boeing documents: Internal Boeing documents show efforts to hide 737 Max simulator problems from FAA - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvaW50ZXJuYWwtYm9laW5nLTczNy1tYXgtZG9jdW1lbnRzLXNob3ctcGlsb3RzLXRyeWluZy10by1oaWRlLXNpbXVsYXRvci1wcm9ibGVtcy1mcm9tLWZhYS_SAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9pbnRlcm5hbC1ib2VpbmctNzM3LW1heC1kb2N1bWVudHMtc2hvdy1waWxvdHMtdHJ5aW5nLXRvLWhpZGUtc2ltdWxhdG9yLXByb2JsZW1zLWZyb20tZmFhLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

L.A.-area residents flock to Taiwan to vote in 'do or die' presidential election - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0xMC9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLXJlc2lkZW50cy12b3RlLXRhaXdhbmVzZS1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtZWxlY3Rpb27SAQA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

U.S. Probes If Russia Is Targeting Biden in 2020 Election Meddling - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3Utcy1wcm9iZXMtaWYtcnVzc2lhLXRhcmdldGluZy1iaWRlbi1pbi0yMDIwLWVsZWN0aW9uLW1lZGRsaW5n0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmxvb21iZXJnLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTEwL3Utcy1wcm9iZXMtaWYtcnVzc2lhLXRhcmdldGluZy1iaWRlbi1pbi0yMDIwLWVsZWN0aW9uLW1lZGRsaW5n?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

Mark Zuckerberg no longer gracing us with his bizarre New Year’s resolutions - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL21hcmstenVja2VyYmVyZy1uby1sb25nZXItZ3JhY2luZy11cy13aXRoLWhpcy1iaXphcnJlLW5ldy15ZWFycy1yZXNvbHV0aW9ucy_SAW5odHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9tYXJrLXp1Y2tlcmJlcmctbm8tbG9uZ2VyLWdyYWNpbmctdXMtd2l0aC1oaXMtYml6YXJyZS1uZXcteWVhcnMtcmVzb2x1dGlvbnMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Trump reveals new details on imminent threat from Soleimani - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9b0VlREpzbXZLeHPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

The Ravens look to extend their winning streak against the Titans in the NFL's Divisional Round - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91cy9uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtcmF2ZW5zLXRpdGFucy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBYWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLXJhdmVucy10aXRhbnMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

China Reports First Death From New Virus - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvYXNpYS9jaGluYS12aXJ1cy13dWhhbi1kZWF0aC5odG1s0gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9hc2lhL2NoaW5hLXZpcnVzLXd1aGFuLWRlYXRoLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Apple Loop: New iPhone 12 Concept Video, Apple’s Strong Privacy Stance, Dramatic iPhone SE2 Launch Date - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2V3YW5zcGVuY2UvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9hcHBsZS1uZXdzLWhlYWRsaW5lcy1pcGhvbmUtMTItaXBob25lLTEyLXByby1pcGhvbmUtc2UyLWNlcy1wcml2YWN5LWFwcC1zdG9yZS1waG90by1jb21wZXRpdGlvbi_SAZcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9ld2Fuc3BlbmNlLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvYXBwbGUtbmV3cy1oZWFkbGluZXMtaXBob25lLTEyLWlwaG9uZS0xMi1wcm8taXBob25lLXNlMi1jZXMtcHJpdmFjeS1hcHAtc3RvcmUtcGhvdG8tY29tcGV0aXRpb24vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Omar responds after Texas uses Trump executive order to opt out of refugee program - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RleGFzLW9wdC1vdXQtcmVmdWdlZS1yZXNldHRsZW1lbnQtaWxoYW4tb21hci10cnVtcC1leGVjdXRpdmUtb3JkZXItYWJib3R00gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vcG9saXRpY3MvdGV4YXMtb3B0LW91dC1yZWZ1Z2VlLXJlc2V0dGxlbWVudC1pbGhhbi1vbWFyLXRydW1wLWV4ZWN1dGl2ZS1vcmRlci1hYmJvdHQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Mavericks behind Ghosn escape - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50L2I1ZWMxYjFjLTMzMzQtMTFlYS1hMzI5LTBiY2Y4N2EzMjhmMtIBP2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50L2I1ZWMxYjFjLTMzMzQtMTFlYS1hMzI5LTBiY2Y4N2EzMjhmMg?oc=5
https://www.ft.com

Confused about Samsung's Neon AIs? Here's everything you need to know - CNET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2hvdy10by9jb25mdXNlZC1hYm91dC1zYW1zdW5nLW5lb24tYWktaGVyZXMtd2hhdC15b3UtbmVlZC10by1rbm93L9IBYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuZXQuY29tL2dvb2dsZS1hbXAvbmV3cy9jb25mdXNlZC1hYm91dC1zYW1zdW5nLW5lb24tYWktaGVyZXMtd2hhdC15b3UtbmVlZC10by1rbm93Lw?oc=5
https://www.cnet.com

Huawei says it’s selling 100,000 foldable phones a month - The Verge
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXZlcmdlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNjAxNzYvaHVhd2VpLW1hdGUteC1mb2xkYWJsZS1waG9uZS1zYWxlcy1maWd1cmVzLXNhbXN1bmfSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGV2ZXJnZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMC8yMTA2MDE3Ni9odWF3ZWktbWF0ZS14LWZvbGRhYmxlLXBob25lLXNhbGVzLWZpZ3VyZXMtc2Ftc3VuZw?oc=5
https://www.theverge.com

Galaxy S10 Lite and Note 10 Lite Hands-on: Samsung's Answer to OnePlus and Xiaomi - XDA Developers
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnhkYS1kZXZlbG9wZXJzLmNvbS9nYWxheHktczEwLWxpdGUtbm90ZS0xMC1saXRlLWhhbmRzLW9uLXZpZGVvL9IBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnhkYS1kZXZlbG9wZXJzLmNvbS9nYWxheHktczEwLWxpdGUtbm90ZS0xMC1saXRlLWhhbmRzLW9uLXZpZGVvL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.xda-developers.com

Texas gusts topple 18-wheeler; Arkansas tornado destroys at least 3 homes - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3VzL3Rvcm5hZG9zLXRleGFzLWFya2Fuc2Fz0gE2aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vdXMvdG9ybmFkb3MtdGV4YXMtYXJrYW5zYXMuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Jobs Report Shows Booming Labor Force Is Bringing Americans Off the Sidelines - Whitehouse.gov
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndoaXRlaG91c2UuZ292L2FydGljbGVzL2pvYnMtcmVwb3J0LXNob3dzLWJvb21pbmctbGFib3ItZm9yY2UtYnJpbmdpbmctYW1lcmljYW5zLW9mZi1zaWRlbGluZXMv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.whitehouse.gov

Trump tried to kill another Iran official same day as Soleimani - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdHJ1bXAtdHJpZWQtZmFpbGVkLWtpbGwtYW5vdGhlci1pcmFuLW9mZmljaWFsLXNhbWUtZGF5LXNvbGVpbWFuaS0yMDIwLTHSAWdodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3RydW1wLXRyaWVkLWZhaWxlZC1raWxsLWFub3RoZXItaXJhbi1vZmZpY2lhbC1zYW1lLWRheS1zb2xlaW1hbmktMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Bloomberg has spent over $200M in presidential campaign - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2Jsb29tYmVyZy1oYXMtc3BlbnQtb3Zlci0yMDBtLWluLXByZXNpZGVudGlhbC1jYW1wYWlnbi_SAVlodHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9ibG9vbWJlcmctaGFzLXNwZW50LW92ZXItMjAwbS1pbi1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FtcGFpZ24vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

US failed to kill second Iran leader on same day of Qassem Soleimani strike - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VzLWZhaWxlZC10by1raWxsLXNlY29uZC1pcmFuLWxlYWRlci1vbi1zYW1lLWRheS1vZi1xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLXN0cmlrZS_SAW5odHRwczovL255cG9zdC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy1mYWlsZWQtdG8ta2lsbC1zZWNvbmQtaXJhbi1sZWFkZXItb24tc2FtZS1kYXktb2YtcWFzc2VtLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1zdHJpa2UvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Plane Crash Leaves Iranian Diaspora in Canada Grief-Stricken - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvY2FuYWRhL2lyYW4tY3Jhc2gtdmljdGltcy1jYW5hZGEuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvd29ybGQvY2FuYWRhL2lyYW4tY3Jhc2gtdmljdGltcy1jYW5hZGEuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Apple just slashed the estimated trade-in values of iPhones, Macs, and more - BGR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vYmdyLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2lwaG9uZS1kZWFscy1hcHBsZS1jdXRzLXRyYWRlLWluLXZhbHVlcy_SAUdodHRwczovL2Jnci5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9pcGhvbmUtZGVhbHMtYXBwbGUtY3V0cy10cmFkZS1pbi12YWx1ZXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://bgr.com

US tried to kill Iranian commander in Yemen same night as Soleimani strike: Officials - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vUG9saXRpY3MvdXMta2lsbC1pcmFuaWFuLWNvbW1hbmRlci15ZW1lbi1uaWdodC1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlL3N0b3J5P2lkPTY4MjAwODg30gFsaHR0cHM6Ly9hYmNuZXdzLmdvLmNvbS9hbXAvUG9saXRpY3MvdXMta2lsbC1pcmFuaWFuLWNvbW1hbmRlci15ZW1lbi1uaWdodC1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlL3N0b3J5P2lkPTY4MjAwODg3?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

How’s Your Internship Going? This Teen Found a Planet - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc2NpZW5jZS9zcGFjZS90ZWVuLWRpc2NvdmVycy1uZXctcGxhbmV0LW5hc2EuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc2NpZW5jZS9zcGFjZS90ZWVuLWRpc2NvdmVycy1uZXctcGxhbmV0LW5hc2EuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Senate braces for its own possible vote on war powers resolution - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VFhqSTRXR0xRTkXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Angry Iranians question authorities for concealing truth on plane incident - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcGVvcGxlL2FuZ3J5LWlyYW5pYW5zLXF1ZXN0aW9uLWF1dGhvcml0aWVzLWZvci1jb25jZWFsaW5nLXRydXRoLW9uLXBsYW5lLWluY2lkZW50LWlkVVNLQk4xWkEwRjHSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVpBMEYx?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Apple slashes trade-in values for many of its products - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2dhZGdldHMvMjAyMC8wMS9hcHBsZS1zbGFzaGVzLXRyYWRlLWluLXZhbHVlcy1mb3ItbWFueS1vZi1pdHMtcHJvZHVjdHMv0gFlaHR0cHM6Ly9hcnN0ZWNobmljYS5jb20vZ2FkZ2V0cy8yMDIwLzAxL2FwcGxlLXNsYXNoZXMtdHJhZGUtaW4tdmFsdWVzLWZvci1tYW55LW9mLWl0cy1wcm9kdWN0cy8_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

One of NASA's new 'Turtle' astronauts may walk on the moon ... or even Mars - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9uYXNhLW5ldy1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2xhc3MtdHVydGxlcy1ncmFkdWF0ZS1tb29uLW1hcnMuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9hbXAvbmFzYS1uZXctYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNsYXNzLXR1cnRsZXMtZ3JhZHVhdGUtbW9vbi1tYXJzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Tensions in the Middle East may impact South Dakota - KSFY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtzZnkuY29tL2NvbnRlbnQvbmV3cy9UZW5zaW9ucy1pbi10aGUtbWlkZGxlLWVhc3QtbWF5LWltcGFjdC1Tb3V0aC1EYWtvdGEtNTY2ODk0NjExLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.ksfy.com

Inside TASBot’s semi-secret, probably legal effort to control the Nintendo Switch - Ars Technica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vYXJzdGVjaG5pY2EuY29tL2dhbWluZy8yMDIwLzAxL2luc2lkZS10YXNib3RzLXNlbWktc2VjcmV0LXByb2JhYmx5LWxlZ2FsLWVmZm9ydC10by1jb250cm9sLXRoZS1uaW50ZW5kby1zd2l0Y2gv0gF9aHR0cHM6Ly9hcnN0ZWNobmljYS5jb20vZ2FtaW5nLzIwMjAvMDEvaW5zaWRlLXRhc2JvdHMtc2VtaS1zZWNyZXQtcHJvYmFibHktbGVnYWwtZWZmb3J0LXRvLWNvbnRyb2wtdGhlLW5pbnRlbmRvLXN3aXRjaC8_YW1wPTE?oc=5
https://arstechnica.com

Ravens defensive coordinator: A guy as big as Derrick Henry shouldn’t be able to run like that - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcmF2ZW5zLWRlZmVuc2l2ZS1jb29yZGluYXRvci1hLWd1eS1hcy1iaWctYXMtZGVycmljay1oZW5yeS1zaG91bGRudC1iZS1hYmxlLXRvLXJ1bi1saWtlLXRoYXQv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9yYXZlbnMtZGVmZW5zaXZlLWNvb3JkaW5hdG9yLWEtZ3V5LWFzLWJpZy1hcy1kZXJyaWNrLWhlbnJ5LXNob3VsZG50LWJlLWFibGUtdG8tcnVuLWxpa2UtdGhhdC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

All-22 Preview: How the Titans can pull off the NFL’s biggest playoff upset in a decade - Music City Miracles
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tdXNpY2NpdHltaXJhY2xlcy5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU3MDg3L2FsbC0yMi1wcmV2aWV3LWhvdy10aGUtdGl0YW5zLWNhbi1wdWxsLW9mZi10aGUtbmZscy1iaWdnZXN0LXBsYXlvZmYtdXBzZXQtaW4tYS1kZWNhZGXSAZcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubXVzaWNjaXR5bWlyYWNsZXMuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTcwODcvYWxsLTIyLXByZXZpZXctaG93LXRoZS10aXRhbnMtY2FuLXB1bGwtb2ZmLXRoZS1uZmxzLWJpZ2dlc3QtcGxheW9mZi11cHNldC1pbi1hLWRlY2FkZQ?oc=5
https://www.musiccitymiracles.com

How No. 6 seeds have fared vs. No. 1 seeds in NFL playoffs history: Vikings, Titans can snap a recent streak - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2hvdy1uby02LXNlZWRzLWhhdmUtZmFyZWQtdnMtbm8tMS1zZWVkcy1pbi1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtaGlzdG9yeS12aWtpbmdzLXRpdGFucy1jYW4tc25hcC1hLXJlY2VudC1zdHJlYWsv0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvaG93LW5vLTYtc2VlZHMtaGF2ZS1mYXJlZC12cy1uby0xLXNlZWRzLWluLW5mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1oaXN0b3J5LXZpa2luZ3MtdGl0YW5zLWNhbi1zbmFwLWEtcmVjZW50LXN0cmVhay9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Millions of Americans brace for crippling ice and dangerous tornadoes as severe storms continue - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS93ZWF0aGVyL2ZvcmVjYXN0LXVzLWljZS1zdG9ybS10b3JuYWRvLXNhdHVyZGF5L2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3dlYXRoZXIvZm9yZWNhc3QtdXMtaWNlLXN0b3JtLXRvcm5hZG8tc2F0dXJkYXkvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Qassem Soleimani killing sparks concerns, deepens divide in Iraq - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3Fhc3NlbS1zb2xlaW1hbmkta2lsbGluZy1zcGFya3MtY29uY2VybnMtZGVlcGVucy1kaXZpZGUtaXJhcS0yMDAxMTAwOTQ1MDY4MjEuaHRtbNIBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9xYXNzZW0tc29sZWltYW5pLWtpbGxpbmctc3BhcmtzLWNvbmNlcm5zLWRlZXBlbnMtZGl2aWRlLWlyYXEtMjAwMTEwMDk0NTA2ODIxLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Trump furious over House War Powers vote, sources say - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MTRVb250MnJYaEXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Microsoft's Xbox Series X won't have any first-party next-gen exclusives at launch - Neowin
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5lb3dpbi5uZXQvbmV3cy9taWNyb3NvZnRzLXhib3gtc2VyaWVzLXgtd29udC1oYXZlLWFueS1maXJzdC1wYXJ0eS1uZXh0LWdlbi1leGNsdXNpdmVzLWF0LWxhdW5jaC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.neowin.net

'Escape From Tarkov' Won't Include Playable Women Characters - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9lc2NhcGUtZnJvbS10YXJrb3YtY2hhcmFjdGVycy_SAT1odHRwczovL3d3dy53aXJlZC5jb20vc3RvcnkvZXNjYXBlLWZyb20tdGFya292LWNoYXJhY3RlcnMvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

Vera Rubin Gets a Telescope of Her Own - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc2NpZW5jZS92ZXJhLXJ1YmluLXRlbGVzY29wZS1hc3Ryb25vbXkuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc2NpZW5jZS92ZXJhLXJ1YmluLXRlbGVzY29wZS1hc3Ryb25vbXkuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Ukraine Plane Shot Down Because of Human Error, Iran Says: Live Updates - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4uaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4uYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Retirees Should Know These 3 Facts About Required Minimum Distributions - January 10, 2020 - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9yZXRpcmVlcy1rbm93LTMtZmFjdHMtcmVxdWlyZWQtMTQxOTAyMzc2Lmh0bWzSAVRodHRwczovL2ZpbmFuY2UueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvbmV3cy9yZXRpcmVlcy1rbm93LTMtZmFjdHMtcmVxdWlyZWQtMTQxOTAyMzc2Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

Iran plane crash: Iran says it "unintentionally" shot down Ukrainian airplane - Live updates - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2xpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy9pcmFuLXBsYW5lLW1pbGl0YXJ5LXVuaW50ZW50aW9uYWxseS1zaG90LWRvd24tamV0bGluZXItMjAyMC0wMS0xMS_SAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzL2lyYW4tcGxhbmUtbWlsaXRhcnktdW5pbnRlbnRpb25hbGx5LXNob3QtZG93bi1qZXRsaW5lci0yMDIwLTAxLTExLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

People are finding one final image of a deceased love one thanks to Google Maps' Street View - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC93b3JsZC9kZWNlYXNlZC1nb29nbGUtbWFwcy10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAU1odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3dvcmxkL2RlY2Vhc2VkLWdvb2dsZS1tYXBzLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Carbon monoxide leaks leave Durham, N.C., public housing residents fearing for their safety - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9jYXJib24tbW9ub3hpZGUtbGVha3MtbGVhdmUtZHVyaGFtLW4tYy1wdWJsaWMtaG91c2luZy1yZXNpZGVudHMtbjExMTM4MzbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExMzgzNg?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

How to dump Trump: Rick Wilson on Running Against the Devil - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL2RvbmFsZC10cnVtcC1yaWNrLXdpbHNvbi1ydW5uaW5nLWFnYWluc3QtdGhlLWRldmls0gFiaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3VzLW5ld3MvMjAyMC9qYW4vMTEvZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLXJpY2std2lsc29uLXJ1bm5pbmctYWdhaW5zdC10aGUtZGV2aWw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Endangered Democrats sound the alarm on Bernie and Warren - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZW5kYW5nZXJlZC0yMDIwLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1kb3duYmFsbG90LWNhcm5hZ2UtMDk3MzE10gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZW5kYW5nZXJlZC0yMDIwLWRlbW9jcmF0cy1kb3duYmFsbG90LWNhcm5hZ2UtMDk3MzE1?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Trump tells Ingraham Iraq should pay US back if troops leave country - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3RydW1wLXRlbGxzLWluZ3JhaGFtLWlyYXEtc2hvdWxkLXBheS11LXMtYmFjay1vdGhlcndpc2Utd2VsbC1zdGF5LXRoZXJl0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvdHJ1bXAtdGVsbHMtaW5ncmFoYW0taXJhcS1zaG91bGQtcGF5LXUtcy1iYWNrLW90aGVyd2lzZS13ZWxsLXN0YXktdGhlcmUuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

'Pretty much everybody prosecuted gets convicted:' Carlos Ghosn exposes Japan to new scrutiny - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tamFwYW4tbGVnYWwtc3lzdGVtLTEyMjA0MTU5Ni5odG1s0gFVaHR0cHM6Ly9maW5hbmNlLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL25ld3MvY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLWphcGFuLWxlZ2FsLXN5c3RlbS0xMjIwNDE1OTYuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

How To Avoid The Highest Penalty In The Tax Code - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvYm9iY2FybHNvbi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2hvdy10by1hdm9pZC10aGUtaGlnaGVzdC1wZW5hbHR5LWluLXRoZS10YXgtY29kZS_SAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2JvYmNhcmxzb24vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9ob3ctdG8tYXZvaWQtdGhlLWhpZ2hlc3QtcGVuYWx0eS1pbi10aGUtdGF4LWNvZGUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Reports: Eagles backup QB Josh McCown played playoff game vs. Seahawks with torn hamstring - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3Rvcnkvc3BvcnRzL25mbC9lYWdsZXMvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9waGlsYWRlbHBoaWEtZWFnbGVzLXFiLWpvc2gtbWNjb3duLXBsYXllZC10aHJvdWdoLXRvcm4taGFtc3RyaW5nLXBsYXlvZmZzLzQ0MzIyMjkwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDMyMjI5MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

'Pretty much everybody prosecuted gets convicted:' Carlos Ghosn exposes Japan to new scrutiny - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tamFwYW4tbGVnYWwtc3lzdGVtLTEyMjA0MTU5Ni5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

Prince Harry and Meghan: How could the couple make money? - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiJGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy91ay01MTA2MDk3NdIBKGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvdWstNTEwNjA5NzU?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Ukraine Plane Shot Down Because of Human Error, Iran Says: Live Updates - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS93b3JsZC9taWRkbGVlYXN0L3BsYW5lLWNyYXNoLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Women edged out men in the workforce for the first time in almost a decade. Here's why - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb25leS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2pvYnMtcmVwb3J0LXdvbWVuLWhhZC1tb3JlLWpvYnMtdGhhbi1tZW4tZGVjZW1iZXIvNDQzMTgyOTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0MzE4MjkwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Trump administration tells Supreme Court no need to rush an Obamacare ruling - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Ukraine Plane Shot Down Because of Human Error, Iran Says: Live Updates - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC91a3JhaW5lLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4uaHRtbNIBSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

You Can Now Wait Until 72 To Take Required Minimum Distributions. But Should You? - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMva3Jpc3Rpbm1ja2VubmEvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC95b3UtY2FuLW5vdy10YWtlLXJlcXVpcmVkLW1pbmltdW0tZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9ucy1hdC03Mi1idXQtc2hvdWxkLXlvdS_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9rcmlzdGlubWNrZW5uYS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3lvdS1jYW4tbm93LXRha2UtcmVxdWlyZWQtbWluaW11bS1kaXN0cmlidXRpb25zLWF0LTcyLWJ1dC1zaG91bGQteW91L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Donald Trump is currently a bigger headache for Europe than Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9ldXJvcGUvdHJ1bXAtZXVyb3BlLWlyYW4taW50bC1nYnIvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZXVyb3BlL3RydW1wLWV1cm9wZS1pcmFuLWludGwtZ2JyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

New Law Aims To Help Americans Without Retirement Plans. Will It Work? - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTQ2MTk5ODcvbmV3LWxhdy1haW1zLXRvLWhlbHAtYW1lcmljYW5zLXdpdGhvdXQtcmV0aXJlbWVudC1wbGFucy13aWxsLWl0LXdvcmvSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Washington, Beijing Agree to New Dialogue to Pursue Reforms, Address Disputes - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvd2FzaGluZ3Rvbi1iZWlqaW5nLWFncmVlLXRvLW5ldy1kaWFsb2d1ZS10by1wdXJzdWUtcmVmb3Jtcy1hZGRyZXNzLWRpc3B1dGVzLTExNTc4NzQ1ODAw0gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

China: One dead from mysterious new virus, dozens sick - DW (English)
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmR3LmNvbS9lbi9jaGluYS1vbmUtZGVhZC1mcm9tLW15c3RlcmlvdXMtbmV3LXZpcnVzLWRvemVucy1zaWNrL2EtNTE5NjE4MzHSAVVodHRwczovL2FtcC5kdy5jb20vZW4vY2hpbmEtb25lLWRlYWQtZnJvbS1teXN0ZXJpb3VzLW5ldy12aXJ1cy1kb3plbnMtc2ljay9hLTUxOTYxODMx?oc=5
https://www.dw.com

In Blow to Beijing, Taiwan Re-elects Tsai Ing-wen as President - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvYXNpYS90YWl3YW4tZWxlY3Rpb24tY2hpbmEuaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvYXNpYS90YWl3YW4tZWxlY3Rpb24tY2hpbmEuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Photos taken by US Special Operations forces show aftermath of strike that killed Soleimani - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkL3VzLXNwZWNpYWwtb3BlcmF0aW9ucy1mb3JjZXMtc29sZWltYW5pLXN0cmlrZS1hZnRlcm1hdGgtcGhvdG9z0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vd29ybGQvdXMtc3BlY2lhbC1vcGVyYXRpb25zLWZvcmNlcy1zb2xlaW1hbmktc3RyaWtlLWFmdGVybWF0aC1waG90b3MuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Women now dominate the U.S. workforce - Yahoo Money
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNmh0dHBzOi8vbW9uZXkueWFob28uY29tL3dvbWVuLXdvcmtmb3JjZS0yMTUyMTExMjIuaHRtbNIBQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL21vbmV5L3dvbWVuLXdvcmtmb3JjZS0yMTUyMTExMjIuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://money.yahoo.com

A Closer Look At Alienware's Concept UFO Switch-Like PC Gaming Device - GameSpot
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmdhbWVzcG90LmNvbS9nYWxsZXJ5L2EtY2xvc2VyLWxvb2stYXQtYWxpZW53YXJlcy1jb25jZXB0LXVmby1zd2l0Y2gtbGlrLzI5MDAtMzM0NS_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.gamespot.com

White House spokesman roasted over Obama tweet | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3NzU3LXdoaXRlLWhvdXNlLXNwb2tlc21hbi1yb2FzdGVkLW92ZXItb2JhbWEtdHdlZXTSAWVodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3Nzc1Ny13aGl0ZS1ob3VzZS1zcG9rZXNtYW4tcm9hc3RlZC1vdmVyLW9iYW1hLXR3ZWV0P2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

METALLICA's LARS ULRICH Pays Tribute To NEIL PEART: 'Thank You For What You Did For Drummers All Over The World' - BLABBERMOUTH.NET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL2JsYWJiZXJtb3V0aC5uZXQvbmV3cy9tZXRhbGxpY2FzLWxhcnMtdWxyaWNoLXBheXMtdHJpYnV0ZS10by1uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LXRoYW5rLXlvdS1mb3Itd2hhdC15b3UtZGlkLWZvci1kcnVtbWVycy1hbGwtb3Zlci10aGUtd29ybGQv0gEA?oc=5
https://blabbermouth.net

These Are the 3 Most Dangerous Social Security Mistakes You Can Make - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL3JldGlyZW1lbnQvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC8zLW1vc3QtZGFuZ2Vyb3VzLXNvY2lhbC1zZWN1cml0eS1taXN0YWtlcy1tYWtlLmFzcHjSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb29sLmNvbS9hbXAvcmV0aXJlbWVudC8yMDIwLzAxLzEwLzMtbW9zdC1kYW5nZXJvdXMtc29jaWFsLXNlY3VyaXR5LW1pc3Rha2VzLW1ha2UuYXNweA?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Soleimani and US-Iran escalation: How big is the story online? - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3NvbGVpbWFuaS1pcmFuLWVzY2FsYXRpb24tYmlnLXN0b3J5LW9ubGluZS0yMDAxMTAxMjE0MTI3MzcuaHRtbNIBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMjAyMC8wMS9zb2xlaW1hbmktaXJhbi1lc2NhbGF0aW9uLWJpZy1zdG9yeS1vbmxpbmUtMjAwMTEwMTIxNDEyNzM3Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Today is a First Alert Weather Day - WSFA
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndzZmEuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdG9kYXktaXMtZmlyc3QtYWxlcnQtd2VhdGhlci1kYXkv0gFQaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud3NmYS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS90b2RheS1pcy1maXJzdC1hbGVydC13ZWF0aGVyLWRheS8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.wsfa.com

One week in, Cowboys coach Mike McCarthy has yet to talk to Dak Prescott - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vZGFsbGFzLWNvd2JveXMtY29hY2gtbWlrZS1tY2NhcnRoeS1ub3Qtc3Bva2VuLXdpdGgtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2stZGFrLXByZXNjb3R0LWZyZWUtYWdlbmN5LXN0ZXBoZW4tam9uZXMtMDQxMzQ1OTcyLmh0bWzSAZUBaHR0cHM6Ly9zcG9ydHMueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvZGFsbGFzLWNvd2JveXMtY29hY2gtbWlrZS1tY2NhcnRoeS1ub3Qtc3Bva2VuLXdpdGgtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2stZGFrLXByZXNjb3R0LWZyZWUtYWdlbmN5LXN0ZXBoZW4tam9uZXMtMDQxMzQ1OTcyLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Trump may have weighed impeachment before killing Iran’s Soleimani - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIxMDU5OTA1L3RydW1wLWlyYW4td2FyLXdzai1pbXBlYWNobWVudC1zb2xlaW1hbmnSAVxodHRwczovL3d3dy52b3guY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjEwNTk5MDUvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi13YXItd3NqLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXNvbGVpbWFuaQ?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Taiwan Election Result: Tsai Wins Landslide in Blow to Beijing - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTExL3RzYWktd2lucy1zZWNvbmQtdGVybS1pbi1sYW5kc2xpZGUtYXMtdm90ZXJzLXN0YW5kLXVwLXRvLWJlaWppbmfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

LeBron James passes Michael Jordan for career field goals made - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25iYS9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDYxNjgwL2xlYnJvbi1qYW1lcy1wYXNzZXMtbWljaGFlbC1qb3JkYW4tY2FyZWVyLWZpZWxkLWdvYWxzLW1hZGXSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uYmEvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ2MTY4MC9sZWJyb24tamFtZXMtcGFzc2VzLW1pY2hhZWwtam9yZGFuLWNhcmVlci1maWVsZC1nb2Fscy1tYWRlP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

First Full Moon Of 2020 Is A Striking Celestial Sight - HuffPost
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS9lbnRyeS9waG90b3Mtd29sZi1mdWxsLW1vb24tamFudWFyeS0yMDIwX25fNWUxOWFjOTNjNWI2NTBjNjIxZGYxNDU10gE_aHR0cHM6Ly9tLmh1ZmZwb3N0LmNvbS91cy9lbnRyeS91c181ZTE5YWM5M2M1YjY1MGM2MjFkZjE0NTUvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.huffpost.com

Joe and Hunter Biden should call Trump's bluff — and offer to testify - Salon
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhbG9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2pvZS1hbmQtaHVudGVyLWJpZGVuLXNob3VsZC1jYWxsLXRydW1wcy1ibHVmZi1hbmQtb2ZmZXItdG8tdGVzdGlmeS_SAWdodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYWxvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9qb2UtYW5kLWh1bnRlci1iaWRlbi1zaG91bGQtY2FsbC10cnVtcHMtYmx1ZmYtYW5kLW9mZmVyLXRvLXRlc3RpZnkvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.salon.com

Stomach illness outbreak prompts major clean-up at Yosemite National Park - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9zdG9tYWNoLWlsbG5lc3Mtb3V0YnJlYWstcHJvbXB0cy1tYWpvci1jbGVhbi15b3NlbWl0ZS1uYXRpb25hbC1wYXJrLW4xMTE0MDA20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTQwMDY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Widespread severe weather possible today in Alabama; tornado watch issued - AL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvd2lkZXNwcmVhZC1zZXZlcmUtd2VhdGhlci1wb3NzaWJsZS10b2RheS1pbi1hbGFiYW1hLmh0bWzSAWdodHRwczovL3d3dy5hbC5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3dpZGVzcHJlYWQtc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItcG9zc2libGUtdG9kYXktaW4tYWxhYmFtYS5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.al.com

Another earthquake hits Puerto Rico just hours after most power reportedly was back after days of temblors - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91cy9wdWVydG8tcmljby1lYXJ0aHF1YWtlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3VzL3B1ZXJ0by1yaWNvLWVhcnRocXVha2UvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Taiwan's president re-elected as voters back tough China stance - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdGFpd2FuLXByZXNpZGVudC10YWtlcy1lYXJseS1sZWFkLWluLWVsZWN0aW9uLWNsb3NlbHktd2F0Y2hlZC1ieS1jaGluYS5odG1s0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdGFpd2FuLXByZXNpZGVudC10YWtlcy1lYXJseS1sZWFkLWluLWVsZWN0aW9uLWNsb3NlbHktd2F0Y2hlZC1ieS1jaGluYS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Puerto Rico hit with another major earthquake as aftershocks continue | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vbGF0aW5vLzQ3NzgwMi1wdWVydG8tcmljby1oaXQtd2l0aC1hbm90aGVyLW1ham9yLWVhcnRocXVha2UtYXMtYWZ0ZXJzaG9ja3MtY29udGludWXSAWtodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2xhdGluby80Nzc4MDItcHVlcnRvLXJpY28taGl0LXdpdGgtYW5vdGhlci1tYWpvci1lYXJ0aHF1YWtlLWFzLWFmdGVyc2hvY2tzLWNvbnRpbnVlP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Why Do Archie Harrison and Prince George Have Different Last Names? - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvd2h5LWRvLWFyY2hpZS1oYXJyaXNvbi1hbmQtcHJpbmNlLWdlb3JnZS1oYXZlLWRpZmZlcmVudC1sYXN0LW5hbWVzLmh0bWwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Thielen ready to ???let it ride??? after injury scare - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU4MDAvYXJ0aWNsZS92aWtpbmdzLWFkYW0tdGhpZWxlbi1yZWFkeS10by1sZXQtaXQtcmlkZS1hZnRlci1pbmp1cnktc2NhcmXSAZsCaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU4MDAvYXJ0aWNsZS92aWtpbmdzLWFkYW0tdGhpZWxlbi1yZWFkeS10by1sZXQtaXQtcmlkZS1hZnRlci1pbmp1cnktc2NhcmU_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRG1pbjt0ZWFtJTNEbWluO2NvbmYlM0RuZmM7ZHZzbiUzRG5jbjtwbHlyJTNEYWRhbV90aGllbGVuJnNyPWFtcA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

17-Year-Old Discovers a Brand New Planet - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ZjlBbzBtbDZYRVHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Buckle Up for Another Facebook Election - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdGVjaG5vbG9neS9mYWNlYm9vay1lbGVjdGlvbi5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC90ZWNobm9sb2d5L2ZhY2Vib29rLWVsZWN0aW9uLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Is The U.S. Really Insulated From A Middle East Oil Outage - OilPrice.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vb2lscHJpY2UuY29tL0VuZXJneS9FbmVyZ3ktR2VuZXJhbC9Jcy1UaGUtVVMtUmVhbGx5LUluc3VsYXRlZC1Gcm9tLUEtTWlkZGxlLUVhc3QtT2lsLU91dGFnZS5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly9vaWxwcmljZS5jb20vRW5lcmd5L0VuZXJneS1HZW5lcmFsL0lzLVRoZS1VUy1SZWFsbHktSW5zdWxhdGVkLUZyb20tQS1NaWRkbGUtRWFzdC1PaWwtT3V0YWdlLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://oilprice.com

Microsoft's Xbox Series X won't have any first-party next-gen exclusives at launch - Neowin
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5lb3dpbi5uZXQvbmV3cy9taWNyb3NvZnRzLXhib3gtc2VyaWVzLXgtd29udC1oYXZlLWFueS1maXJzdC1wYXJ0eS1uZXh0LWdlbi1leGNsdXNpdmVzLWF0LWxhdW5jaNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.neowin.net

Early arrival of flu strikes thousands across New York State - Buffalo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vYnVmZmFsb25ld3MuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZWFybHktYXJyaXZhbC1vZi1mbHUtc3RyaWtlcy10aG91c2FuZHMtYWNyb3NzLW5ldy15b3JrLXN0YXRlL9IBAA?oc=5
https://buffalonews.com

Bill Belichick refused to allow Josh McDaniels to move up coaching interviews despite playoff loss - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2JpbGwtYmVsaWNoaWNrLXJlZnVzZWQtdG8tYWxsb3ctam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtdG8tbW92ZS11cC1jb2FjaGluZy1pbnRlcnZpZXdzLWRlc3BpdGUtcGxheW9mZi1sb3NzL9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2JpbGwtYmVsaWNoaWNrLXJlZnVzZWQtdG8tYWxsb3ctam9zaC1tY2RhbmllbHMtdG8tbW92ZS11cC1jb2FjaGluZy1pbnRlcnZpZXdzLWRlc3BpdGUtcGxheW9mZi1sb3NzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Conor McGregor adds new stipulation to UFC 246 fight with Donald Cerrone - BJPENN.COM
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJqcGVubi5jb20vbW1hLW5ld3MvY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3IvY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItYWRkcy1uZXctc3RpcHVsYXRpb24tdG8tdWZjLTI0Ni1maWdodC13aXRoLWRvbmFsZC1jZXJyb25lL9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJqcGVubi5jb20vbW1hLW5ld3MvY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3IvY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3ItYWRkcy1uZXctc3RpcHVsYXRpb24tdG8tdWZjLTI0Ni1maWdodC13aXRoLWRvbmFsZC1jZXJyb25lLz9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.bjpenn.com

4. MAGA Socialite Sentenced to 1 Month in Prison for Fraud GOING AWAY The former Mrs - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL21hZ2Etc29jaWFsaXRlLWthcnluLXR1cmstc2VudGVuY2VkLXRvLTEtbW9udGgtaW4tcHJpc29uLWZvci1mcmF1ZNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Mark Zuckerberg Says He Hunts Wild Boar With a Bow and Arrow - Futurism
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vZnV0dXJpc20uY29tL3RoZS1ieXRlL21hcmstenVja2VyYmVyZy1odW50cy1odW50cy13aWxkLWJvYXItYm93LWFycm930gFIaHR0cHM6Ly9mdXR1cmlzbS5jb20vbWFyay16dWNrZXJiZXJnLWh1bnRzLWh1bnRzLXdpbGQtYm9hci1ib3ctYXJyb3cvYW1w?oc=5
https://futurism.com

Stargazers enjoy amazing scenes of 'Wolf Moon' across the UK - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0YXJnYXplcnMtZW5qb3ktYW1hemluZy1zY2VuZXMtb2Ytd29sZi1tb29uLWFjcm9zcy10aGUtdWstMTA1OTE1NjUxLmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL25ld3MueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvc3RhcmdhemVycy1lbmpveS1hbWF6aW5nLXNjZW5lcy1vZi13b2xmLW1vb24tYWNyb3NzLXRoZS11ay0xMDU5MTU2NTEuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

LSU vs. Clemson: We predict who will win the National Championship Game - Saturday Down South
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbHN1LXZzLWNsZW1zb24td2UtcHJlZGljdC13aG8td2lsbC13aW4tdGhlLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1nYW1lL9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbHN1LXZzLWNsZW1zb24td2UtcHJlZGljdC13aG8td2lsbC13aW4tdGhlLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1nYW1lL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.saturdaydownsouth.com

Quake-stunned Puerto Rico hit by another 6.0-magnitude shock - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvbGF0aW5vL3F1YWtlLXN0dW5uZWQtcHVlcnRvLXJpY28taGl0LWFub3RoZXItNi0wLW1hZ25pdHVkZS10ZW1ibG9yLW4xMTE0MDIx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTQwMjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Trump campaign steps up attacks on Sanders | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3Nzc2LXRydW1wLWNhbXBhaWduLXN0ZXBzLXVwLWF0dGFja3Mtb24tc2FuZGVyc9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3Nzc2LXRydW1wLWNhbXBhaWduLXN0ZXBzLXVwLWF0dGFja3Mtb24tc2FuZGVycz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Taiwan's President thanks voters after winning reelection - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hc2lhL3RhaXdhbi1lbGVjdGlvbi1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUdodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2FzaWEvdGFpd2FuLWVsZWN0aW9uLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Bernie Sanders Leads Tight Race in New Iowa Poll - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvZGVzLW1vaW5lcy1yZWdpc3Rlci1wb2xsLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3VzL3BvbGl0aWNzL2Rlcy1tb2luZXMtcmVnaXN0ZXItcG9sbC5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

R. Kelly's Girlfriends Punch, Kick & Claw in Fight Video | TMZ - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bzY0YW5mNlJZN03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Which NFL playoff favorite is most at risk of crashing out in divisional round? - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9zcG9ydHMvbmZsL3BsYXlvZmZzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtaG9tZS10ZWFtLWxvc2UtcGFja2Vycy80NDQxMDE3MDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQ0MTAxNzAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Pompeo says there was an "imminent threat" to U.S.embassies ahead of Soleimani strike - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9LWZMVmw3aTVYX3PSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Taiwan election: Tsai Ing-wen wins second presidential term - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hc2lhLTUxMDc3NTUz0gEwaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmJjLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC93b3JsZC1hc2lhLTUxMDc3NTUz?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Iranian Jet Crash Has Eerie Historical Parallel - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLWFpci1mbGlnaHQtNjU1LWhpc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLWFpci1mbGlnaHQtNjU1LWhpc3RvcnkuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

2 US service members killed in Afghanistan - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy91cy1zZXJ2aWNlLW1lbWJlcnMta2lsbGVkLWFmZ2hhbmlzdGFuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVxodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3BvbGl0aWNzL3VzLXNlcnZpY2UtbWVtYmVycy1raWxsZWQtYWZnaGFuaXN0YW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Vikings-49ers, Titans-Ravens: Start time, how to watch and stream NFL playoffs - The Philadelphia Inquirer
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5pbnF1aXJlci5jb20vZWFnbGVzL3Zpa2luZ3MtNDllcnMtdGl0YW5zLXJhdmVucy1nYW1lLXRpbWUtY2hhbm5lbC1zdHJlYW0tbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLWFubm91bmNlcnMtbmJjLWNicy0yMDIwMDExMS5odG1s0gGRAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmlucXVpcmVyLmNvbS9lYWdsZXMvdmlraW5ncy00OWVycy10aXRhbnMtcmF2ZW5zLWdhbWUtdGltZS1jaGFubmVsLXN0cmVhbS1uZmwtcGxheW9mZnMtYW5ub3VuY2Vycy1uYmMtY2JzLTIwMjAwMTExLmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.inquirer.com

Queen orders Prince Harry, Meghan Markle to reach Megxit deal 'within 72 hours' - Page Six
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9xdWVlbi1vcmRlcnMtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtdG8tcmVhY2gtbWVneGl0LWRlYWwtd2l0aGluLTcyLWhvdXJzL9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vcGFnZXNpeC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9xdWVlbi1vcmRlcnMtcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtdG8tcmVhY2gtbWVneGl0LWRlYWwtd2l0aGluLTcyLWhvdXJzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pagesix.com

RIP Neil Peart: See you 'wheeling through the galaxies' - Space.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LWRydW1tZXItc3BhY2UtbXVzaWMtb2JpdHVhcnkuaHRtbNIBRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNwYWNlLmNvbS9hbXAvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1kcnVtbWVyLXNwYWNlLW11c2ljLW9iaXR1YXJ5Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.space.com

Biden holds wide lead among black voters in Democratic presidential race, Post-Ipsos poll finds - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

An exclusive look at Samsung Ballie - Engadget
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3NhbXN1bmctYmFsbGllLXJvYm90LWZhY2Utb24taGFuZHMtb24taW50ZXJ2aWV3L9IBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVuZ2FkZ2V0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9zYW1zdW5nLWJhbGxpZS1yb2JvdC1mYWNlLW9uLWhhbmRzLW9uLWludGVydmlldy8?oc=5
https://www.engadget.com

Could ‘Megxit’ Be a Royal Fairy Tale for Canada? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvY2FuYWRhL2hhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHkuaHRtbNIBUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvY2FuYWRhL2hhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1yb3lhbC1mYW1pbHkuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

The Real Competition Between Kansas City and Houston? Barbecue - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9uZmwvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9rYW5zYXMtY2l0eS1jaGllZnMtaG91c3Rvbi10ZXhhbnMtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLWJhcmJlY3Vl0gFeaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2kuY29tLy5hbXAvbmZsLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAva2Fuc2FzLWNpdHktY2hpZWZzLWhvdXN0b24tdGV4YW5zLW5mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1iYXJiZWN1ZQ?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Steve McQueen's long-lost 'Bullitt' Ford Mustang sold at auction for $3.4 million - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2F1dG8vc3RldmUtbWNxdWVlbi1idWxsaXR0LWZvcmQtbXVzdGFuZy1zb2xkLWF1Y3Rpb24tMy00LW1pbGxpb27SAQA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Upon further review, NFL officiating is in ‘decline’ - Houston Chronicle 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvdXN0b25jaHJvbmljbGUuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy90ZXhhbnMvYXJ0aWNsZS9VcG9uLWZ1cnRoZXItcmV2aWV3LU5GTC1vZmZpY2lhdGluZy1pcy1pbi0xNDk2NTc2MC5waHDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.houstonchronicle.com

Metallica’s Lars Ulrich Pays Tribute to Rush Drummer Neil Peart - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtbmV3cy9tZXRhbGxpY2EtbGFycy11bHJpY2gtcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyLW5laWwtcGVhcnQtdHJpYnV0ZS05MzY1NjAv0gFvaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucm9sbGluZ3N0b25lLmNvbS9tdXNpYy9tdXNpYy1uZXdzL21ldGFsbGljYS1sYXJzLXVscmljaC1ydXNoLWRydW1tZXItbmVpbC1wZWFydC10cmlidXRlLTkzNjU2MC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

Here's how partisan wrath over Trump's impeachment changed the future of 2 lawmakers - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vc3RvcnkvbmV3cy9wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3RydW1wLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWdvcHMtamVmZi12YW4tZHJldy1mcmFuY2lzLXJvb25leS1nZXQtYmFja2xhc2gvMjc4NTM0NTAwMS_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzI3ODUzNDUwMDE?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Report: Dallas Cowboys Moving on from Quarterbacks Coach Jon Kitna - Inside The Star
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vaW5zaWRldGhlc3Rhci5jb20vcmVwb3J0LWRhbGxhcy1jb3dib3lzLW1vdmluZy1vbi1mcm9tLXF1YXJ0ZXJiYWNrcy1jb2FjaC1qb24ta2l0bmEv0gEA?oc=5
https://insidethestar.com

BREAKING NEWS: Taliban roadside bomb strikes US military vehicle in Afghanistan - Daily Mail
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bWFpbC5jby51ay9uZXdzL2FydGljbGUtNzg3NjI3MS9UYWxpYmFuLXJvYWRzaWRlLWJvbWItc3RyaWtlcy1taWxpdGFyeS12ZWhpY2xlLUFmZ2hhbmlzdGFuLmh0bWzSAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseW1haWwuY28udWsvbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlLTc4NzYyNzEvYW1wL1RhbGliYW4tcm9hZHNpZGUtYm9tYi1zdHJpa2VzLW1pbGl0YXJ5LXZlaGljbGUtQWZnaGFuaXN0YW4uaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.dailymail.co.uk

Trump’s imminent threat theory of Soleimani strike seems false - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYwMjcxL3RydW1wLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1pbW1pbmVudC10aHJlYXQtZGlzaG9uZXN00gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYwMjcxL3RydW1wLXNvbGVpbWFuaS1pbW1pbmVudC10aHJlYXQtZGlzaG9uZXN0?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Donald Trump's Iran claims on Fox News met with skepticism and complaint - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL3RydW1wLWlyYW4tZm94LW5ld3MtaW5ncmFoYW0tc3VsZWltYW5p0gFWaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudGhlZ3VhcmRpYW4uY29tL3VzLW5ld3MvMjAyMC9qYW4vMTEvdHJ1bXAtaXJhbi1mb3gtbmV3cy1pbmdyYWhhbS1zdWxlaW1hbmk?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

How Many Animals Have Died in Australia’s Wildfires? - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhL2ZpcmVzLWFuaW1hbHMuaHRtbNIBSWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvYXVzdHJhbGlhL2ZpcmVzLWFuaW1hbHMuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Will Xbox Series X games be held back by previous Xbox hardware? - Windows Central
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpbmRvd3NjZW50cmFsLmNvbS93aWxsLXhib3gtc2VyaWVzLXgtZ2FtZXMtYmUtaGVsZC1iYWNrLXByZXZpb3VzLXhib3gtaGFyZHdhcmXSAV9odHRwczovL3d3dy53aW5kb3dzY2VudHJhbC5jb20vd2lsbC14Ym94LXNlcmllcy14LWdhbWVzLWJlLWhlbGQtYmFjay1wcmV2aW91cy14Ym94LWhhcmR3YXJlP2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.windowscentral.com

US and China agree to hold semiannual talks on reforms, WSJ says - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMtYW5kLWNoaW5hLWFncmVlLXRvLWhvbGQtc2VtaWFubnVhbC10YWxrcy1vbi1yZWZvcm1zLXdzai1zYXlzLmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL3d3dy5jbmJjLmNvbS9hbXAvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91cy1hbmQtY2hpbmEtYWdyZWUtdG8taG9sZC1zZW1pYW5udWFsLXRhbGtzLW9uLXJlZm9ybXMtd3NqLXNheXMuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Press Watch: When Trump just makes stuff up, mainstream media still plays along - Salon
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhbG9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3ByZXNzLXdhdGNoLXdoZW4tdHJ1bXAtanVzdC1tYWtlcy1zdHVmZi11cC1tYWluc3RyZWFtLW1lZGlhLXN0aWxsLXBsYXlzLWFsb25nL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.salon.com

Conor McGregor's Most Memorable Quotes - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VUgtTkc2V00zX2vSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

What did Nancy Pelosi gain by withholding articles of impeachment from the Senate? - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dWk1dmlEMUYxaGPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Eagles News: NFL chief medical officer calls Carson Wentz “heroic” for reporting concussion - Bleeding Green Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibGVlZGluZ2dyZWVubmF0aW9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjEzMzQvZWFnbGVzLW5ld3MtbmZsLWNoaWVmLW1lZGljYWwtb2ZmaWNlci1jYXJzb24td2VudHotaGVyb2ljLXJlcG9ydGluZy1jb25jdXNzaW9uLWNsb3duZXktc2VhaGF3a3MtMjAyMNIBqAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibGVlZGluZ2dyZWVubmF0aW9uLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMzM0L2VhZ2xlcy1uZXdzLW5mbC1jaGllZi1tZWRpY2FsLW9mZmljZXItY2Fyc29uLXdlbnR6LWhlcm9pYy1yZXBvcnRpbmctY29uY3Vzc2lvbi1jbG93bmV5LXNlYWhhd2tzLTIwMjA?oc=5
https://www.bleedinggreennation.com

Conor McGregor issues new stipulation to Donald Cerrone: ‘First one to shoot’s a cowb-tch’ - MMA Mania
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFtYW5pYS5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMjY4L2Nvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29yLWlzc3Vlcy1uZXctc3RpcHVsYXRpb24tZG9uYWxkLWNlcnJvbmUtZmlyc3Qtb25lLXRvLXNob290cy1hLWNvd2ItdGNoLXVmYy0yNDYtZXNwbtIBmQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFtYW5pYS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MTI2OC9jb25vci1tY2dyZWdvci1pc3N1ZXMtbmV3LXN0aXB1bGF0aW9uLWRvbmFsZC1jZXJyb25lLWZpcnN0LW9uZS10by1zaG9vdHMtYS1jb3diLXRjaC11ZmMtMjQ2LWVzcG4?oc=5
https://www.mmamania.com

Chiefs News: Tyrann Mathieu could hold the key to victory - Arrowhead Pride
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFycm93aGVhZHByaWRlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjEyNDIvYXJyb3doZWFkbGluZXMtdHlyYW5uLW1hdGhpZXUtY291bGQtaG9sZC10aGUta2V5LXRvLXZpY3RvcnnSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5hcnJvd2hlYWRwcmlkZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MTI0Mi9hcnJvd2hlYWRsaW5lcy10eXJhbm4tbWF0aGlldS1jb3VsZC1ob2xkLXRoZS1rZXktdG8tdmljdG9yeQ?oc=5
https://www.arrowheadpride.com

Prince Harry, Meghan Markle's exit talks 'progressing well' with royal family: report - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtZXhpdC10YWxrcy1wcm9ncmVzc2luZy13ZWxs0gFgaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1leGl0LXRhbGtzLXByb2dyZXNzaW5nLXdlbGwuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Peyton Manning's worst game was a record-breaking nightmare that cost the Texans millions - 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cFNHQnhVbzZGMUHSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Marianne Williamson drops out of 2020 presidential race - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3N0b3J5LzIwMjAtMDEtMTAvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtY2FuZGlkYXRlLWRyb3BzLW91dC1vZi1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtcmFjZdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

Marianne Williamson quits 2020 race but the memes live forever - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcG9saWN5LWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzEvMTAvMjA2OTY1OTgvbWFyaWFubmUtd2lsbGlhbXNvbi1kcm9wcy1vdXQtMjAyMC1wcmVzaWRlbnRpYWwtcmFjZdIBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3BvbGljeS1hbmQtcG9saXRpY3MvMjAyMC8xLzEwLzIwNjk2NTk4L21hcmlhbm5lLXdpbGxpYW1zb24tZHJvcHMtb3V0LTIwMjAtcHJlc2lkZW50aWFsLXJhY2U?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

First Massive SLS Rocket Core Stage for NASA’s Artemis Completed and Loaded for Transport - SciTechDaily
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vc2NpdGVjaGRhaWx5LmNvbS9maXJzdC1tYXNzaXZlLXNscy1yb2NrZXQtY29yZS1zdGFnZS1mb3ItbmFzYXMtYXJ0ZW1pcy1jb21wbGV0ZWQtYW5kLWxvYWRlZC1mb3ItdHJhbnNwb3J0L9IBdmh0dHBzOi8vc2NpdGVjaGRhaWx5LmNvbS9maXJzdC1tYXNzaXZlLXNscy1yb2NrZXQtY29yZS1zdGFnZS1mb3ItbmFzYXMtYXJ0ZW1pcy1jb21wbGV0ZWQtYW5kLWxvYWRlZC1mb3ItdHJhbnNwb3J0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://scitechdaily.com

NFL playoffs: Picks, predictions for Seattle Seahawks at Green Bay Packers | NFC Divisional Round - NJ.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uai5jb20vc3BvcnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLXBpY2tzLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLWZvci1zZWF0dGxlLXNlYWhhd2tzLWF0LWdyZWVuLWJheS1wYWNrZXJzLW5mYy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLmh0bWzSAZMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmouY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwLzAxL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1waWNrcy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1mb3Itc2VhdHRsZS1zZWFoYXdrcy1hdC1ncmVlbi1iYXktcGFja2Vycy1uZmMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC5odG1sP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.nj.com

3 dead in Louisiana as severe storms sweep southern US - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dlYXRoZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9zZXZlcmUtc3Rvcm0tbG91aXNpYW5hLWRlYXRocy10b3JuYWRvZXMtYXJrYW5zYXMtbWlzc291cmkvNDQ0MTcxMDAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0NDE3MTAwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

After Earthquake Rocks Puerto Rico, Thousands Still Without Shelter Or Power - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMC83OTUyNDAzMDUvdGhvdXNhbmRzLWluLXB1ZXJ0by1yaWNvLXJlbWFpbi13aXRob3V0LXNoZWx0ZXItcG93ZXItZGF5cy1hZnRlci02LTQtcXVha2XSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Five things to watch as the Chiefs face the Texans - Arrowhead Pride
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFycm93aGVhZHByaWRlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNTk2NTgvZml2ZS10aGluZ3MtdG8td2F0Y2gtYXMtdGhlLWNoaWVmcy1mYWNlLXRoZS10ZXhhbnPSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hcnJvd2hlYWRwcmlkZS5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA1OTY1OC9maXZlLXRoaW5ncy10by13YXRjaC1hcy10aGUtY2hpZWZzLWZhY2UtdGhlLXRleGFucw?oc=5
https://www.arrowheadpride.com

Aaron Rodgers has been a game manager and playoff teams should be terrified - Acme Packing Company
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5hY21lcGFja2luZ2NvbXBhbnkuY29tLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MDI1MS9uZmwtYWFyb24tcm9kZ2Vycy1ncmVlbi1iYXktcGFja2Vycy1uZmMtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2stc2VhdHR0bGUtc2VhaGF3a3MtcnVzc2VsbC13aWxzb27SAZcBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWNtZXBhY2tpbmdjb21wYW55LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYwMjUxL25mbC1hYXJvbi1yb2RnZXJzLWdyZWVuLWJheS1wYWNrZXJzLW5mYy1xdWFydGVyYmFjay1zZWF0dHRsZS1zZWFoYXdrcy1ydXNzZWxsLXdpbHNvbg?oc=5
https://www.acmepackingcompany.com

Magnitude 5.9 earthquake rocks Puerto Rico and causes landslide in Peñuelas - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS02LTAtbWFnbml0dWRlLXF1YWtlLWNhdXNlcy1kYW1hZ2UtcG9uY2UvNDQ0MTUxMTAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0NDE1MTEwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Dallas Cowboys Weekly Recap: 2020 Coaching Staff Nearly Complete - Inside The Star
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vaW5zaWRldGhlc3Rhci5jb20vZGFsbGFzLWNvd2JveXMtd2Vla2x5LXJlY2FwLTIwMjAtY29hY2hpbmctc3RhZmYtbmVhcmx5LWNvbXBsZXRlL9IBAA?oc=5
https://insidethestar.com

Sources -- Vikings worked out ex-coach Terence Newman, 41 - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDYyNjY3L3NvdXJjZXMtdmlraW5ncy13b3JrZWQtZXgtY29hY2gtdGVyZW5jZS1uZXdtYW4tNDHSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ2MjY2Ny9zb3VyY2VzLXZpa2luZ3Mtd29ya2VkLWV4LWNvYWNoLXRlcmVuY2UtbmV3bWFuLTQxP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

2 American troops killed by roadside bomb in Afghanistan - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvMi1hbWVyaWNhbi10cm9vcHMta2lsbGVkLWJ5LXJvYWRzaWRlLWJvbWItaW4tYWZnaGFuaXN0YW4tMjAyMC0wMS0xMS_SAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yLWFtZXJpY2FuLXRyb29wcy1raWxsZWQtYnktcm9hZHNpZGUtYm9tYi1pbi1hZmdoYW5pc3Rhbi0yMDIwLTAxLTExLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Why Trump's changing Iran story is costing him support in Congress - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy9zaGlmdGluZy1qdXN0aWZpY2F0aW9ucy1pcmFuLXRydW1wLWFkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWhodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3BvbGl0aWNzL3NoaWZ0aW5nLWp1c3RpZmljYXRpb25zLWlyYW4tdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Nancy Pelosi blinks, signals she is ready to release articles of impeachment to the Senate - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UXQtcVB2elZYalnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

John Boyega Rips (and Kicks and Punches) Toxic ‘Star Wars’ Fandom - TheWrap
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXdyYXAuY29tL2pvaG4tYm95ZWdhLXN0YXItd2Fycy1yaXNlLW9mLXNreXdhbGtlci10b3hpYy1mYW5kb20tcmV5bG8v0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhld3JhcC5jb20vam9obi1ib3llZ2Etc3Rhci13YXJzLXJpc2Utb2Ytc2t5d2Fsa2VyLXRveGljLWZhbmRvbS1yZXlsby9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.thewrap.com

Two US military service members killed in Afghanistan - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL3R3by11cy1taWxpdGFyeS1zZXJ2aWNlLW1lbWJlcnMta2lsbGVkLWFmZ2hhbmlzdGFuLXRhbGliYW7SAWpodHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMS90d28tdXMtbWlsaXRhcnktc2VydmljZS1tZW1iZXJzLWtpbGxlZC1hZmdoYW5pc3Rhbi10YWxpYmFu?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

U.S. Warns Iraq It Risks Losing Access to Key Bank Account if Troops Told to Leave - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdS1zLXdhcm5zLWlyYXEtaXQtcmlza3MtbG9zaW5nLWFjY2Vzcy10by1rZXktYmFuay1hY2NvdW50LWlmLXRyb29wcy10b2xkLXRvLWxlYXZlLTExNTc4NzU5NjI50gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

John Boyega Is Dunking On Upset ‘Reylo’ Fans After ‘Star Wars: Rise of Skywalker’ - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvcGF1bHRhc3NpLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvam9obi1ib3llZ2EtaXMtZHVua2luZy1vbi11cHNldC1yZXlsby1mYW5zLWFmdGVyLXN0YXItd2Fycy1yaXNlLW9mLXNreXdhbGtlci_SAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9wYXVsdGFzc2kvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9qb2huLWJveWVnYS1pcy1kdW5raW5nLW9uLXVwc2V0LXJleWxvLWZhbnMtYWZ0ZXItc3Rhci13YXJzLXJpc2Utb2Ytc2t5d2Fsa2VyL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Pelosi has 'lost control' of the House, knows she made a mistake withholding impeachment articles: Rep. Roy - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3JlcC1jaGlwLXJveS1ibGFzdHMtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWFydGljbGVzLXNlbmF0ZdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3JlcC1jaGlwLXJveS1ibGFzdHMtbmFuY3ktcGVsb3NpLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWFydGljbGVzLXNlbmF0ZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Carlos Ghosn Skipped Bail. This Man Was Left Behind. - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYnVzaW5lc3MvZ3JlZy1rZWxseS1jYXJsb3MtZ2hvc24tbmlzc2FuLmh0bWzSAVNodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2J1c2luZXNzL2dyZWcta2VsbHktY2FybG9zLWdob3NuLW5pc3Nhbi5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

John Bolton impeachment testimony will be blocked, Donald Trump says - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL2pvaG4tYm9sdG9uLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRlc3RpbW9ueS1kb25hbGQtdHJ1bXDSAV5odHRwczovL2FtcC50aGVndWFyZGlhbi5jb20vdXMtbmV3cy8yMDIwL2phbi8xMS9qb2huLWJvbHRvbi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10ZXN0aW1vbnktZG9uYWxkLXRydW1w?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

NFL odds, picks, lines, spreads for divisional round: Advanced model enters top predictions - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvbmZsLW9kZHMtcGlja3MtbGluZXMtc3ByZWFkcy1mb3ItZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1hZHZhbmNlZC1tb2RlbC1lbnRlcnMtdG9wLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zL9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvbmZsLW9kZHMtcGlja3MtbGluZXMtc3ByZWFkcy1mb3ItZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1hZHZhbmNlZC1tb2RlbC1lbnRlcnMtdG9wLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Severe storms move across US: Live story - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vdXMvbGl2ZS1uZXdzL3dlYXRoZXItZm9yZWNhc3Qtc3Rvcm1zLXVzL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAUpodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi91cy9saXZlLW5ld3Mvd2VhdGhlci1mb3JlY2FzdC1zdG9ybXMtdXMvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Buckingham Palace reels from Harry & Meghan's surprise announcement - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9ak45b2VZS3hNcVnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Neil Peart, considered one of the greatest rock drummers of all time, dies at 67 - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyLW5laWwtcGVhcnQtZGllcy1hdC02Ny5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcnVzaC1kcnVtbWVyLW5laWwtcGVhcnQtZGllcy1hdC02Ny5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

“Grey's Anatomy” Ellen Pompeo on Justin Chambers Shocking Exit - TVLine
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vdHZsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2VsbGVuLXBvbXBlby1yZWFjdGlvbi1qdXN0aW4tY2hhbWJlcnMtbGVhdmluZy1ncmV5cy1hbmF0b215L9IBAA?oc=5
https://tvline.com

DHS Warns Firefox Users to Update Their Browser for Cybersecurity - PJ Media
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vcGptZWRpYS5jb20vdHJlbmRpbmcvZGhzLWlzc3Vlcy1yYXJlLXdhcm5pbmctdG8tZmlyZWZveC11c2Vycy11cGRhdGUteW91ci1icm93c2VyLWltbWVkaWF0ZWx5L9IBamh0dHBzOi8vcGptZWRpYS5jb20vdHJlbmRpbmcvZGhzLWlzc3Vlcy1yYXJlLXdhcm5pbmctdG8tZmlyZWZveC11c2Vycy11cGRhdGUteW91ci1icm93c2VyLWltbWVkaWF0ZWx5L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://pjmedia.com

NFL insider column: Seahawks GM John Schneider returns home on verge of maybe his greatest feat - Seattle Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zZWF0dGxldGltZXMuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9zZWFoYXdrcy9uZmwtaW5zaWRlci1jb2x1bW4tc2VhaGF3a3MtZ20tam9obi1zY2huZWlkZXItcmV0dXJucy1ob21lLW9uLXZlcmdlLW9mLW1heWJlLWhpcy1ncmVhdGVzdC1mZWF0L9IBkgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zZWF0dGxldGltZXMuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9zZWFoYXdrcy9uZmwtaW5zaWRlci1jb2x1bW4tc2VhaGF3a3MtZ20tam9obi1zY2huZWlkZXItcmV0dXJucy1ob21lLW9uLXZlcmdlLW9mLW1heWJlLWhpcy1ncmVhdGVzdC1mZWF0Lz9hbXA9MQ?oc=5
https://www.seattletimes.com

DaBaby Wants to Be President of the United States in 50 Years - XXLMAG.COM
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnh4bG1hZy5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2RhYmFieS1wcmVzaWRlbnQtdW5pdGVkLXN0YXRlcy1hbWVyaWNhL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.xxlmag.com

University of San Diego grads become astronaut candidates - 10News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LjEwbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9sb2NhbC1uZXdzL3VuaXZlcnNpdHktb2Ytc2FuLWRpZWdvLWdyYWRzLWJlY29tZS1hc3Ryb25hdXQtY2FuZGlkYXRlc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.10news.com

Sen. Doug Jones: I'll 'probably' vote against McConnell's impeachment trial setup if it lacks witnesses - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMif2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL21lZGlhL3Nlbi1kb3VnLWpvbmVzLWlsbC1wcm9iYWJseS12b3RlLWFnYWluc3QtbWNjb25uZWxscy1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC1zZXR1cC1pZi1pdC1sYWNrcy13aXRuZXNzZXPSAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vbWVkaWEvc2VuLWRvdWctam9uZXMtaWxsLXByb2JhYmx5LXZvdGUtYWdhaW5zdC1tY2Nvbm5lbGxzLWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLXNldHVwLWlmLWl0LWxhY2tzLXdpdG5lc3Nlcy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Dabo Swinney complains about title game location: ‘We might as well be playing in Baton Rouge’ - Saturday Down South
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYXR1cmRheWRvd25zb3V0aC5jb20vbHN1LWZvb3RiYWxsL2RhYm8tc3dpbm5leS1jb21wbGFpbnMtYWJvdXQtdGl0bGUtZ2FtZS1sb2NhdGlvbi13ZS1taWdodC1hcy13ZWxsLWJlLXBsYXlpbmctaW4tYmF0b24tcm91Z2Uv0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNhdHVyZGF5ZG93bnNvdXRoLmNvbS9sc3UtZm9vdGJhbGwvZGFiby1zd2lubmV5LWNvbXBsYWlucy1hYm91dC10aXRsZS1nYW1lLWxvY2F0aW9uLXdlLW1pZ2h0LWFzLXdlbGwtYmUtcGxheWluZy1pbi1iYXRvbi1yb3VnZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.saturdaydownsouth.com

Prince Harry's Military Friend Says Decision Was To Protect Meghan And Archie - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wcmluY2UtaGFycnktbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1qai1jaGFsbWVycy1hcm15LWZyaWVuZC1wcm90ZWN0LWFyY2hpZS_SAWFodHRwczovL2FtcC50bXouY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtamotY2hhbG1lcnMtYXJteS1mcmllbmQtcHJvdGVjdC1hcmNoaWUv?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

I finally switched from Chrome to Mozilla Firefox — and you should too - Digital Trends
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRpZ2l0YWx0cmVuZHMuY29tL2NvbXB1dGluZy9tb3ppbGxhLWZpcmVmb3gtY2hyb21lLXJldmlldy1jb21wYXJpc29uLTIwMjAv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGlnaXRhbHRyZW5kcy5jb20vY29tcHV0aW5nL21vemlsbGEtZmlyZWZveC1jaHJvbWUtcmV2aWV3LWNvbXBhcmlzb24tMjAyMC8_YW1w?oc=5
https://www.digitaltrends.com

NASA astronaut candidate from Miami graduates after 2 years of training - WSVN 7News | Miami News, Weather, Sports | Fort Lauderdale
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3N2bi5jb20vbmV3cy9sb2NhbC9taWFtaS1kYWRlL25hc2EtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNhbmRpZGF0ZS1mcm9tLW1pYW1pLWdyYWR1YXRlcy1hZnRlci0yLXllYXJzLW9mLXRyYWluaW5nL9IBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3N2bi5jb20vbmV3cy9sb2NhbC9taWFtaS1kYWRlL25hc2EtYXN0cm9uYXV0LWNhbmRpZGF0ZS1mcm9tLW1pYW1pLWdyYWR1YXRlcy1hZnRlci0yLXllYXJzLW9mLXRyYWluaW5nL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://wsvn.com

Trump assails 'impeachment hoax' in Saturday morning tweets | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3ODI0LXRydW1wLWFzc2FpbHMtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtaG9heC1pbi1tb3JuaW5nLXR3ZWV0c3Rvcm3SAWtodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2FkbWluaXN0cmF0aW9uLzQ3NzgyNC10cnVtcC1hc3NhaWxzLWltcGVhY2htZW50LWhvYXgtaW4tbW9ybmluZy10d2VldHN0b3JtP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Severe weather sweeping across southern U.S. blamed for at least 3 deaths in Louisiana - live updates, storm forecast - tornado, rain, wind - Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9saXZlLXVwZGF0ZXMvc2V2ZXJlLXdlYXRoZXItc3dlZXBpbmctYWNyb3NzLXNvdXRoZXJuLXUtcy1ibGFtZWQtZm9yLWF0LWxlYXN0LTMtZGVhdGhzLWluLWxvdWlzaWFuYS1zdG9ybS1mb3JlY2FzdC0yMDIwLTAxLTExL9IBmQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzL3NldmVyZS13ZWF0aGVyLXN3ZWVwaW5nLWFjcm9zcy1zb3V0aGVybi11LXMtYmxhbWVkLWZvci1hdC1sZWFzdC0zLWRlYXRocy1pbi1sb3Vpc2lhbmEtc3Rvcm0tZm9yZWNhc3QtMjAyMC0wMS0xMS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Seahawks-Packers: Why Seattle can win and where they can exploit GB - Field Gulls
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5maWVsZGd1bGxzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjA3NDkvc2VhdHRsZS1zZWFoYXdrcy1ncmVlbi1iYXktcGFja2Vycy01LXdzLTIwMjAtcGxheW9mZnMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1ydXNzZWxsLXdpbHNvbi1hYXJvbi1yb2RnZXJz0gGeAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZpZWxkZ3VsbHMuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjA3NDkvc2VhdHRsZS1zZWFoYXdrcy1ncmVlbi1iYXktcGFja2Vycy01LXdzLTIwMjAtcGxheW9mZnMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1ydXNzZWxsLXdpbHNvbi1hYXJvbi1yb2RnZXJz?oc=5
https://www.fieldgulls.com

Iranian protesters demand Khamenei quits over plane downing - video on Twitter - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2lyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcHJvdGVzdHMvaXJhbmlhbi1wcm90ZXN0ZXJzLWRlbWFuZC1raGFtZW5laS1xdWl0cy1vdmVyLXBsYW5lLWRvd25pbmctdmlkZW8tb24tdHdpdHRlci1pZFVTTjlOMjZIMDM20gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU045TjI2SDAzNg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Box Office: ‘Star Wars: Rise Of Skywalker’ Plunges 64% On Friday - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvc2NvdHRtZW5kZWxzb24vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9ib3gtb2ZmaWNlLXN0YXItd2Fycy1yaXNlLW9mLXNreXdhbGtlci1kcm9wcy02NC1vbi1mcmlkYXkv0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9zY290dG1lbmRlbHNvbi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2JveC1vZmZpY2Utc3Rhci13YXJzLXJpc2Utb2Ytc2t5d2Fsa2VyLWRyb3BzLTY0LW9uLWZyaWRheS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

Iranian protesters demand that Khamenei quit over plane downing: video on Twitter - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcHJvdGVzdHMvaXJhbmlhbi1wcm90ZXN0ZXJzLWRlbWFuZC10aGF0LWtoYW1lbmVpLXF1aXQtb3Zlci1wbGFuZS1kb3duaW5nLXZpZGVvLW9uLXR3aXR0ZXItaWRVU0tCTjFaQTBMWtIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWkEwTFo?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Alaska man was stranded in subzero temperatures for more than 20 days - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9hbGFza2EtbWFuLXdhcy1zdHJhbmRlZC1zdWJ6ZXJvLXRlbXBlcmF0dXJlcy1tb3JlLTIwLWRheXMtbjExMTQwNDbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExNDA0Ng?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Mike Lee signs on to Bernie Sanders' bill to prevent funding for military intervention in Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy9taWtlLWxlZS1iZXJuaWUtc2FuZGVycy1taWxpdGFyeS1pcmFuL9IBXGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcG9saXRpY3MvbWlrZS1sZWUtYmVybmllLXNhbmRlcnMtbWlsaXRhcnktaXJhbi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

U.S., China agree to have semi-annual talks aimed a reforms, resolving disputes: WSJ - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXVzYS10cmFkZS1jaGluYS10YWxrcy91LXMtY2hpbmEtYWdyZWUtdG8taGF2ZS1zZW1pLWFubnVhbC10YWxrcy1haW1lZC1hLXJlZm9ybXMtcmVzb2x2aW5nLWRpc3B1dGVzLXdzai1pZFVTS0JOMVpBMEhZ0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaQTBIWQ?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

NFL Playoffs 2020: Packers vs. Seahawks odds, picks, bracket predictions from top-rated expert who's 34-6 - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy0yMDIwLXBhY2tlcnMtdnMtc2VhaGF3a3Mtb2Rkcy1waWNrcy1icmFja2V0LXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLWZyb20tdG9wLXJhdGVkLWV4cGVydC13aG9zLTM0LTYv0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLTIwMjAtcGFja2Vycy12cy1zZWFoYXdrcy1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLWJyYWNrZXQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZnJvbS10b3AtcmF0ZWQtZXhwZXJ0LXdob3MtMzQtNi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Watch live: House votes on war powers resolution limiting Trump actions in Iran - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9RXlNSHM4cWdBcG_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Box Office: '1917' Heads for Victorious $37M, 'Star Wars' Surrenders - Hollywood Reporter
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmhvbGx5d29vZHJlcG9ydGVyLmNvbS9uZXdzL2JveC1vZmZpY2UtMTkxNy1oZWFkcy12aWN0b3Jpb3VzLTM3bS1zdGFyLXdhcnMtc3VycmVuZGVycy0xMjY4NzA30gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuaG9sbHl3b29kcmVwb3J0ZXIuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2JveC1vZmZpY2UtMTkxNy1oZWFkcy12aWN0b3Jpb3VzLTM3bS1zdGFyLXdhcnMtc3VycmVuZGVycy0xMjY4NzA3?oc=5
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com

Samsung S10 Lite and Note 10 Lite: Who are they actually for? - Android Authority
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFuZHJvaWRhdXRob3JpdHkuY29tL3NhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LWxpdGUtcGhvbmVzLTEwNzI5NDMv0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYW5kcm9pZGF1dGhvcml0eS5jb20vc2Ftc3VuZy1nYWxheHktbGl0ZS1waG9uZXMtMTA3Mjk0My9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.androidauthority.com

How To Get Your Spotify Numbers Up: An Article by Justin Bieber - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtbmV3cy9qdXN0aW4tYmllYmVyLXNwb3RpZnkteXVtbXktOTM2MTk0L9IBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtbmV3cy9qdXN0aW4tYmllYmVyLXNwb3RpZnkteXVtbXktOTM2MTk0L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

House Speaker Pelosi to send articles of impeachment to Senate - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bzdCcGFJWG9nZDjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Neil Peart Reflects on Rush, Career in Unpublished 2005 Interview - Loudwire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vbG91ZHdpcmUuY29tL25laWwtcGVhcnQtcmVmbGVjdHMtcnVzaC1jYXJlZXItdW5wdWJsaXNoZWQtMjAwNS1pbnRlcnZpZXcv0gEA?oc=5
https://loudwire.com

China reports 1st death from new type of coronavirus - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS9jMGU4N2UwODlhODlmYTU1NzllMWM2M2FjZGVkN2Q0NtIBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

Tina Fey and Amy Poehler Set to Host the 2021 Golden Globes - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC90di9hd2FyZHMvZ29sZGVuLWdsb2Jlcy0yMDIxLWhvc3QtdGluYS1mZXktYW15LXBvZWhsZXItMTIwMzQ2Mzk0MC_SAV9odHRwczovL3ZhcmlldHkuY29tLzIwMjAvdHYvYXdhcmRzL2dvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtMjAyMS1ob3N0LXRpbmEtZmV5LWFteS1wb2VobGVyLTEyMDM0NjM5NDAvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://variety.com

Happy New Year! The U.S. economy has entered 2020 ‘with a little more zip’ - MarketWatch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9oYXBweS1uZXcteWVhci10aGUtdXMtZWNvbm9teS1oYXMtZW50ZXJlZC0yMDIwLXdpdGgtYS1saXR0bGUtbW9yZS16aXAtMjAyMC0wMS0xMdIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1hcmtldHdhdGNoLmNvbS9hbXAvc3RvcnkvZ3VpZC9GMjlCQzZBNC0zM0Q3LTExRUEtODE3RC00RjEzNzVDOEEwREE?oc=5
https://www.marketwatch.com

Impeachment and Iran - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcG9kY2FzdHMvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMzMxL2V6cmEta2xlaW4taW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtZXhwbGFpbmVkLXdhci1pcmFu0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm94LmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvcG9kY2FzdHMvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMzMxL2V6cmEta2xlaW4taW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtZXhwbGFpbmVkLXdhci1pcmFu?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

New year, new headache for queen with Harry and Meghan rift - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS81OTRkZmM5ZDM4MzFiNmY4ODMwMjhlNzk5YTc4MGMxZdIBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

Clemson vs. LSU expert picks: 2020 College football national championship best bets by top insider who's 13-1 - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9jbGVtc29uLXZzLWxzdS1leHBlcnQtcGlja3MtMjAyMC1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1iZXN0LWJldHMtYnktdG9wLWluc2lkZXItd2hvcy0xMy0xL9IBnwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9jbGVtc29uLXZzLWxzdS1leHBlcnQtcGlja3MtMjAyMC1jb2xsZWdlLWZvb3RiYWxsLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC1iZXN0LWJldHMtYnktdG9wLWluc2lkZXItd2hvcy0xMy0xL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Pelosi caves - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25leGFtaW5lci5jb20vb3Bpbmlvbi9jb2x1bW5pc3RzL3BlbG9zaS1jYXZlc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Sultan Qaboos bin Said of Oman Dead at 79 - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3N1bHRhbi1xYWJvb3MtYmluLXNhaWQtb2Ytb21hbi1kZWFkLWF0LTc50gEA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

2 U.S. Troops Killed By Taliban Bomb In Southern Afghanistan - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTU1NDcxNjIvMi11LXMtdHJvb3BzLWtpbGxlZC1ieS10YWxpYmFuLWJvbWItaW4tc291dGhlcm4tYWZnaGFuaXN0YW7SAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Severe storm sweeps south-east US, killing at least four - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL3VzLXNldmVyZS1zdG9ybS10aHJlZS1raWxsZWQtbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktdG9ybmFkb9IBYGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS91cy1uZXdzLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL3VzLXNldmVyZS1zdG9ybS10aHJlZS1raWxsZWQtbWlzc2lzc2lwcGktdG9ybmFkbw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

'Loss for region': World reacts to death of Oman's Sultan Qaboos - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3JlZ2lvbi13b3JsZC1yZWFjdHMtZGVhdGgtb21hbi1zdWx0YW4tcWFib29zLTIwMDExMTEzMjEwNjYyNi5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWxqYXplZXJhLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL3JlZ2lvbi13b3JsZC1yZWFjdHMtZGVhdGgtb21hbi1zdWx0YW4tcWFib29zLTIwMDExMTEzMjEwNjYyNi5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Two Migrant Kids Separated from Dads at Border Were Sexually Abused in US Custody, Lawsuit Claims - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3R3by1taWdyYW50LWtpZHMtc2VwYXJhdGVkLWZyb20tZGFkcy1hdC1ib3JkZXItd2VyZS1zZXh1YWxseS1hYnVzZWQtaW4tdXMtY3VzdG9keS1sYXdzdWl0LWNsYWltc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Box Office: ‘1917’ Explodes for $37 Million Weekend, Topping ‘Star Wars’ - Variety
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vdmFyaWV0eS5jb20vMjAyMC9maWxtL25ld3MvMTkxNy1ib3gtb2ZmaWNlLXN0YXItd2Fycy1nb2xkZW4tZ2xvYmVzLTEyMDM0NjM5MDgv0gFaaHR0cHM6Ly92YXJpZXR5LmNvbS8yMDIwL2ZpbG0vbmV3cy8xOTE3LWJveC1vZmZpY2Utc3Rhci13YXJzLWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtMTIwMzQ2MzkwOC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://variety.com

Ukraine president's message to Iran: 'We insist on the full acceptance of guilt' - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL3dvcmxkLW5hdGlvbi9zdG9yeS8yMDIwLTAxLTExL3plbGVuc2t5LWlyYW4tdWtyYWluZS1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

New Earthquake Rattles Puerto Rico, Causing More Power Outages - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMvcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS1pbnNwZWN0aW9ucy1haWQuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMvcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZWFydGhxdWFrZS1pbnNwZWN0aW9ucy1haWQuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Neil Peart Through the Years: 1976-2015 Photo Gallery - Ultimate Classic Rock
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMmh0dHBzOi8vdWx0aW1hdGVjbGFzc2ljcm9jay5jb20vbmVpbC1wZWFydC1waG90b3Mv0gEA?oc=5
https://ultimateclassicrock.com

Tsai Ing-wen wins landslide in Taiwan election - Quartz
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODM2NTEvdHNhaS1pbmctd2VuLXdpbnMtbGFuZHNsaWRlLWluLXRhaXdhbi1lbGVjdGlvbi_SAUpodHRwczovL3F6LmNvbS8xNzgzNjUxL3RzYWktaW5nLXdlbi13aW5zLWxhbmRzbGlkZS1pbi10YWl3YW4tZWxlY3Rpb24vYW1wLw?oc=5
https://qz.com

Peyton Manning’s worst game ended up costing the Texans millions - SB Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zYm5hdGlvbi5jb20vdmlkZW9zLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MDY5NS9wZXl0b24tbWFubmluZy13b3JzdC1nYW1lLWRlbnZlci1icm9uY29zLWhvdXN0b24tdGV4YW5zLWJyb2NrLW9zd2VpbGVyLWNvbnRyYWN00gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNibmF0aW9uLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvdmlkZW9zLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MDY5NS9wZXl0b24tbWFubmluZy13b3JzdC1nYW1lLWRlbnZlci1icm9uY29zLWhvdXN0b24tdGV4YW5zLWJyb2NrLW9zd2VpbGVyLWNvbnRyYWN0?oc=5
https://www.sbnation.com

Ellen Pompeo's broken heart emoji says all we need to know about Justin Chambers' 'Grey's Anatomy' exit - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2VsbGVuLXBvbXBlby1ncmV5cy1hbmF0b215LXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9lbGxlbi1wb21wZW8tZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Remembering Neil Peart, A Monster Drummer With A Poet's Heart - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTU1NTUzMzUvcmVtZW1iZXJpbmctbmVpbC1wZWFydC1hLW1vbnN0ZXItZHJ1bW1lci13aXRoLWEtcG9ldHMtaGVhcnTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Tina Fey and Amy Poehler to co-host the 2021 Golden Globe Awards - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvdGluYS1mZXktYW15LXBvZWhsZXItaG9zdC0yMDIxLWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZdIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvdGluYS1mZXktYW15LXBvZWhsZXItaG9zdC0yMDIxLWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Logjam Over Impeachment Trial Leaves Trump Prosecutors Little Time to Prepare - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtbWFuYWdlcnMtdHJ1bXAuaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtbWFuYWdlcnMtdHJ1bXAuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Vikings vs. 49ers odds, line: NFL Playoff picks, bracket predictions from advanced model on 96-65 roll - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3Zpa2luZ3MtdnMtNDllcnMtb2Rkcy1saW5lLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXBpY2tzLWJyYWNrZXQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZnJvbS1hZHZhbmNlZC1tb2RlbC1vbi05Ni02NS1yb2xsL9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3Zpa2luZ3MtdnMtNDllcnMtb2Rkcy1saW5lLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXBpY2tzLWJyYWNrZXQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZnJvbS1hZHZhbmNlZC1tb2RlbC1vbi05Ni02NS1yb2xsL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

LSU cancels classes ahead of national championship to 'accommodate students' already planning to skip - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9sc3UtY2FuY2Vscy1jbGFzc2VzLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy9sc3UtY2FuY2Vscy1jbGFzc2VzLW5hdGlvbmFsLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Iranian protesters demand that Khamenei quit over plane downing: video on Twitter - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMikQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcHJvdGVzdHMvaXJhbmlhbi1wcm90ZXN0ZXJzLWRlbWFuZC1raGFtZW5laS1xdWl0cy1vdmVyLXBsYW5lLWRvd25pbmctdmlkZW8tb24tdHdpdHRlci1pZFVTS0JOMVpBMExa0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaQTBMWg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Trump administration warns Iraq could lose New York Fed account if US troops forced to leave: WSJ - CNBC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24td2FybnMtaXJhcS1jb3VsZC1sb3NlLW5ldy15b3JrLWZlZC1hY2NvdW50LXdzai5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdHJ1bXAtYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24td2FybnMtaXJhcS1jb3VsZC1sb3NlLW5ldy15b3JrLWZlZC1hY2NvdW50LXdzai5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnbc.com

Iranian semi-official news agency reports anti-government protests - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcHJvdGVzdHMtZmFycy9pcmFuaWFuLXNlbWktb2ZmaWNpYWwtbmV3cy1hZ2VuY3ktcmVwb3J0cy1hbnRpLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtcHJvdGVzdHMtaWRVU0tCTjFaQTBQM9IBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWkEwUDM?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Trump signals he’d seek to block impeachment trial testimony from Bolton, others in exclusive interview - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLXNpZ25hbHMtaGVkLXNlZWstdG8tYmxvY2staW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtdGVzdGltb255LWZyb20tYm9sdG9uLW90aGVyc9IBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3BvbGl0aWNzL3RydW1wLXNpZ25hbHMtaGVkLXNlZWstdG8tYmxvY2staW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtdHJpYWwtdGVzdGltb255LWZyb20tYm9sdG9uLW90aGVycy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Meghan Markle and Archie's safety drove 'Megxit' decision, Prince Harry's pal claims - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvcHJpbmNlLWhhcnJ5LW1lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtYXJjaGllLXNhZmV0eS1leGl0LXBhbC1jbGFpbXPSAWJodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3huZXdzLmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3ByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWFyY2hpZS1zYWZldHktZXhpdC1wYWwtY2xhaW1zLmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Styx's Lawrence Gowan Pays Tribute to Neil Peart - Ultimate Classic Rock
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vdWx0aW1hdGVjbGFzc2ljcm9jay5jb20vc3R5eC1sYXdyZW5jZS1nb3dhbi1uZWlsLXBlYXJ0L9IBAA?oc=5
https://ultimateclassicrock.com

NFL Picks Against the Spread: 2020 Divisional Round Playoff Games - Bleeding Green Nation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibGVlZGluZ2dyZWVubmF0aW9uLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjEzNjEvbmZsLXBpY2tzLWFnYWluc3Qtc3ByZWFkLTIwMjAtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1wbGF5b2ZmLWdhbWVzLWJldHRpbmctZ2FtYmxpbmctb2Rkcy00OWVycy12aWtpbmdzLW5mY9IBqAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibGVlZGluZ2dyZWVubmF0aW9uLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMzYxL25mbC1waWNrcy1hZ2FpbnN0LXNwcmVhZC0yMDIwLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcm91bmQtcGxheW9mZi1nYW1lcy1iZXR0aW5nLWdhbWJsaW5nLW9kZHMtNDllcnMtdmlraW5ncy1uZmM?oc=5
https://www.bleedinggreennation.com

Sanders tops latest Iowa poll, but the 2020 Democratic primary is still a four way race - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcG9saWN5LWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjEyODAvMjAyMC1wb2xscy1pb3dhLW5ldy1oYW1wc2hpcmUtc2FuZGVycy13YXJyZW4tYnV0dGlnaWVnLWJpZGVu0gGEAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wL3BvbGljeS1hbmQtcG9saXRpY3MvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMjgwLzIwMjAtcG9sbHMtaW93YS1uZXctaGFtcHNoaXJlLXNhbmRlcnMtd2FycmVuLWJ1dHRpZ2llZy1iaWRlbg?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Stargazers enjoy amazing scenes of 'Wolf Moon' across the UK - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlhaG9vLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0YXJnYXplcnMtZW5qb3ktYW1hemluZy1zY2VuZXMtb2Ytd29sZi1tb29uLWFjcm9zcy10aGUtdWstMTA1OTE1NjUxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.yahoo.com

Trick Daddy Arrested For Cocaine Possession and DUI - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS90cmljay1kYWRkeS1hcnJlc3RlZC1jb2NhaW5lLXBvc3Nlc3Npb24tZHVpL9IBS2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS90cmljay1kYWRkeS1hcnJlc3RlZC1jb2NhaW5lLXBvc3Nlc3Npb24tZHVpLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Video: Conor McGregor’s most memorable quotes - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNTkzOTQvdmlkZW8tY29ub3ItbWNncmVnb3JzLW1vc3QtbWVtb3JhYmxlLXF1b3Rlc9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDU5Mzk0L3ZpZGVvLWNvbm9yLW1jZ3JlZ29ycy1tb3N0LW1lbW9yYWJsZS1xdW90ZXM?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

Trump says Pelosi is worst House speaker in history. Twitter remembers Dennis Hastert. - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

The 8 N.F.L. Stars Who Powered Their Teams to the Playoffs - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc3BvcnRzL2Zvb3RiYWxsL25mbC1wbGF5b2Zmcy1tb3N0LXZhbHVhYmxlLXBsYXllci5odG1s0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9zcG9ydHMvZm9vdGJhbGwvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLW1vc3QtdmFsdWFibGUtcGxheWVyLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

4 dead in Louisiana and Texas as severe storm sweeps through the South - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy80LWRlYWQtbG91aXNpYW5hLXRleGFzLXNldmVyZS1zdG9ybS1zd2VlcHMtdGhyb3VnaC1zb3V0aC1uMTExNDA2NtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTE0MDY2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Shocked meteorites provide clues to Earth's lower mantle - Phys.org
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQGh0dHBzOi8vcGh5cy5vcmcvbmV3cy8yMDIwLTAxLW1ldGVvcml0ZXMtY2x1ZXMtZWFydGgtbWFudGxlLmh0bWzSAT9odHRwczovL3BoeXMub3JnL25ld3MvMjAyMC0wMS1tZXRlb3JpdGVzLWNsdWVzLWVhcnRoLW1hbnRsZS5hbXA?oc=5
https://phys.org

Ford Mustang Steve McQueen Drove in ‘Bullitt’ Sells for $3.4 Million at Auction - NBC New York
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXd5b3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbmFsLWludGVybmF0aW9uYWwvZm9yZC1tdXN0YW5nLXN0ZXZlLW1jcXVlZW4tZHJvdmUtaW4tYnVsbGl0dC1zZWxscy1mb3ItMy00LW1pbGxpb24tYXQtYXVjdGlvbi8yMjU4MjE2L9IBkAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXd5b3JrLmNvbS9uZXdzL25hdGlvbmFsLWludGVybmF0aW9uYWwvZm9yZC1tdXN0YW5nLXN0ZXZlLW1jcXVlZW4tZHJvdmUtaW4tYnVsbGl0dC1zZWxscy1mb3ItMy00LW1pbGxpb24tYXQtYXVjdGlvbi8yMjU4MjE2Lz9hbXA?oc=5
https://www.nbcnewyork.com

How Neil Peart’s Perfectionism Set Him Free - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtZmVhdHVyZXMvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1ydXNoLWRydW1taW5nLXRyaWJ1dGUtOTM2NDMwL9IBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtZmVhdHVyZXMvbmVpbC1wZWFydC1ydXNoLWRydW1taW5nLXRyaWJ1dGUtOTM2NDMwL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

Deadly severe weather outbreak slices across the South, while snow and ice paste parts of the northern U.S. - Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc2V2ZXJlLXN0b3Jtcy1zb3V0aC1pY2Uv0gFZaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3dlYXRoZXIvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9zZXZlcmUtc3Rvcm1zLXNvdXRoLWljZS8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Meghan Markle already signed a deal with Disney amid royal exit: report - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1kaXNuZXktZGVhbC1yb3lhbC1leGl00gFOaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vZW50ZXJ0YWlubWVudC9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWRpc25leS1kZWFsLXJveWFsLWV4aXQuYW1w?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

NASA graduates new class of astronauts for missions to the moon and Mars - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFvbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvbmFzYS1ncmFkdWF0ZXMtbmV3LWFzdHJvbmF1dHMtZm9yLW1pc3Npb25zLXRvLXRoZS1tb29uLW1hcnMvMjM4OTkwNzEv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

Furor in Iran and Abroad After Tehran Admits Downing Ukrainian Jetliner - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3dvcmxkL21pZGRsZWVhc3QvZnVyb3ItaW4taXJhbi1hbmQtYWJyb2FkLWFmdGVyLXRlaHJhbi1hZG1pdHMtZG93bmluZy11a3JhaW5pYW4tamV0bGluZXIuaHRtbNIBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3dvcmxkL21pZGRsZWVhc3QvZnVyb3ItaW4taXJhbi1hbmQtYWJyb2FkLWFmdGVyLXRlaHJhbi1hZG1pdHMtZG93bmluZy11a3JhaW5pYW4tamV0bGluZXIuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Omani Sultan Qaboos, Who Ruled Oman For Half A Century, Dies At 79 - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTU1MzUyNzcvb21hbmktc3VsdGFuLXFhYm9vcy13aG8tcnVsZWQtb21hbi1mb3ItaGFsZi1hLWNlbnR1cnktZGllcy1hdC03OdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Bomb claimed by Taliban kills two US troops in Afghanistan | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2RlZmVuc2UvNDc3ODMxLWJvbWItY2xhaW1lZC1ieS10YWxpYmFuLWtpbGxzLXR3by11cy10cm9vcHMtaW4tYWZnaGFuaXN0YW7SAWhodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL3BvbGljeS9kZWZlbnNlLzQ3NzgzMS1ib21iLWNsYWltZWQtYnktdGFsaWJhbi1raWxscy10d28tdXMtdHJvb3BzLWluLWFmZ2hhbmlzdGFuP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

UPDATE: At least 7 dead in storm-ravaged South - Atlanta Journal Constitution
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vbmV3cy90b3JuYWRvZXMtZGVzdHJveS1ob21lcy1zb3V0aC9HZ2FPajhUWVdxWnF3NHdjVEVnMnNPL9IBVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFqYy5jb20vbmV3cy90b3JuYWRvZXMtZGVzdHJveS1ob21lcy1zb3V0aC9HZ2FPajhUWVdxWnF3NHdjVEVnMnNPL2FtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.ajc.com

Jorge Masvidal: Kamaru Usman’s coaches and training partners know I’m a ‘bad motherf*cker’ - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5tbWFmaWdodGluZy5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDU3MTM5L2pvcmdlLW1hc3ZpZGFsLWthbWFydS11c21hbnMtY29hY2hlcy1hbmQtdHJhaW5pbmctcGFydG5lcnMta25vdy1pbS1hLWJhZC1tb3RoZXJmLWNrZXLSAZEBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubW1hZmlnaHRpbmcuY29tL3BsYXRmb3JtL2FtcC8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNTcxMzkvam9yZ2UtbWFzdmlkYWwta2FtYXJ1LXVzbWFucy1jb2FjaGVzLWFuZC10cmFpbmluZy1wYXJ0bmVycy1rbm93LWltLWEtYmFkLW1vdGhlcmYtY2tlcg?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

Bullitt Mustang sets auction record with $3.4 million sale - RACER
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vcmFjZXIuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYnVsbGl0dC1tdXN0YW5nLXNldHMtYXVjdGlvbi1yZWNvcmQtd2l0aC0zLTQtbWlsbGlvbi1zYWxlL9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vcmFjZXIuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYnVsbGl0dC1tdXN0YW5nLXNldHMtYXVjdGlvbi1yZWNvcmQtd2l0aC0zLTQtbWlsbGlvbi1zYWxlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://racer.com

Dabo Swinney uses Rocky IV analogy to motivate Clemson before national championship game vs. LSU - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9zcG9ydHMvbmNhYWYvYWNjLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvbHN1LWNlbXNvbi1kYWJvLXN3aW5uZXktcm9ja3ktaXYtam9lLWJ1cnJvdy1kcmFnby80NDQyMDk4MDAyL9IBJ2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9hbXAvNDQ0MjA5ODAwMg?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Impeachment Adds to a Long List of Trump’s Legal Headaches - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIwLTAxLTExL2ltcGVhY2htZW50LWFkZHMtdG8tYS1sb25nLWxpc3Qtb2YtdHJ1bXAtcy1sZWdhbC1oZWFkYWNoZXPSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibG9vbWJlcmcuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL2FydGljbGVzLzIwMjAtMDEtMTEvaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtYWRkcy10by1hLWxvbmctbGlzdC1vZi10cnVtcC1zLWxlZ2FsLWhlYWRhY2hlcw?oc=5
https://www.bloomberg.com

First death from Wuhan pneumonia outbreak reported as scientists - STAT
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5zdGF0bmV3cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9maXJzdC1kZWF0aC1mcm9tLXd1aGFuLXBuZXVtb25pYS1vdXRicmVhay1yZXBvcnRlZC1hcy1zY2llbnRpc3RzLXJlbGVhc2UtZG5hLXNlcXVlbmNlLW9mLXZpcnVzL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.statnews.com

An Oscar Frontrunner Will Finally Dethrone Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker At The Box Office - CinemaBlend
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaW5lbWFibGVuZC5jb20vbmV3cy8yNDg4MjgyL29zY2Fycy1mcm9udHJ1bm5lci0xOTE3LWZpbmFsbHktZGV0aHJvbmUtc3Rhci13YXJzLXRoZS1yaXNlLW9mLXNreXdhbGtlci1hdC10aGUtYm94LW9mZmljZdIBgwFodHRwczovL2FtcC5jaW5lbWFibGVuZC5jb20vbmV3cy8yNDg4MjgyL29zY2Fycy1mcm9udHJ1bm5lci0xOTE3LWZpbmFsbHktZGV0aHJvbmUtc3Rhci13YXJzLXRoZS1yaXNlLW9mLXNreXdhbGtlci1hdC10aGUtYm94LW9mZmljZQ?oc=5
https://www.cinemablend.com

US troops knew Al-Asad air base would be attacked and sheltered in bunkers, exclusive tour reveals - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9taWRkbGVlYXN0L2lyYW4tc3RyaWtlLWFsLWFzYWQtYWlyLWJhc2UtZXhjbHVzaXZlLWludGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBZGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvbWlkZGxlZWFzdC9pcmFuLXN0cmlrZS1hbC1hc2FkLWFpci1iYXNlLWV4Y2x1c2l2ZS1pbnRsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Ellen Pompeo Reacts to Justin Chambers' Grey's Anatomy Exit - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTExMDc0NS9lbGxlbi1wb21wZW8tYnJlYWtzLXNpbGVuY2Utb24tanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWdyZXktcy1hbmF0b215LWV4aXTSAWlodHRwczovL20uZW9ubGluZS5jb20vYW1wL25ld3MvMTExMDc0NS9lbGxlbi1wb21wZW8tYnJlYWtzLXNpbGVuY2Utb24tanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWdyZXktcy1hbmF0b215LWV4aXQ?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

Boeing's ousted CEO departs with $62 million, even without severance pay - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9ib2Vpbmctcy1vdXN0ZWQtY2VvLWRlcGFydHMtNjItbWlsbGlvbi1ldmVuLXdpdGhvdXQtc2V2ZXJhbmNlLW4xMTE0MDYx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTQwNjE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

My 3 Favorite Chinese Stocks for 2020 - Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL2ludmVzdGluZy8yMDIwLzAxLzExL215LTMtZmF2b3JpdGUtY2hpbmVzZS1zdG9ja3MtZm9yLTIwMjAuYXNweNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL2FtcC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9teS0zLWZhdm9yaXRlLWNoaW5lc2Utc3RvY2tzLWZvci0yMDIwLmFzcHg?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Video: Ravens' Lamar Jackson Says He Wants to Be the Tom Brady of His Era - Bleacher Report
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vYmxlYWNoZXJyZXBvcnQuY29tL2FydGljbGVzLzI4NzA4NDUtdmlkZW8tcmF2ZW5zLWxhbWFyLWphY2tzb24tc2F5cy1oZS13YW50cy10by1iZS10aGUtdG9tLWJyYWR5LW9mLW15LWVyYdIBggFodHRwczovL3N5bmRpY2F0aW9uLmJsZWFjaGVycmVwb3J0LmNvbS9hbXAvMjg3MDg0NS12aWRlby1yYXZlbnMtbGFtYXItamFja3Nvbi1zYXlzLWhlLXdhbnRzLXRvLWJlLXRoZS10b20tYnJhZHktb2YtbXktZXJhLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://bleacherreport.com

College basketball picks: Predictions against the spread for Texas Tech vs. West Virginia and other key games - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMingFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9uZXdzL2NvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC1waWNrcy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1hZ2FpbnN0LXRoZS1zcHJlYWQtZm9yLXRleGFzLXRlY2gtdnMtd2VzdC12aXJnaW5pYS1hbmQtb3RoZXIta2V5LWdhbWVzL9IBogFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9uZXdzL2NvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC1waWNrcy1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1hZ2FpbnN0LXRoZS1zcHJlYWQtZm9yLXRleGFzLXRlY2gtdnMtd2VzdC12aXJnaW5pYS1hbmQtb3RoZXIta2V5LWdhbWVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

At 16, She’s a Pioneer in the Fight to Cure Sickle Cell Disease - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvaGVhbHRoL3NpY2tsZS1jZWxsLWRpc2Vhc2UtY3VyZS5odG1s0gFLaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9oZWFsdGgvc2lja2xlLWNlbGwtZGlzZWFzZS1jdXJlLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Bush's Iraq hawks had Trump's back this week - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYnVzaC1pcmFxLWhhd2tzLXRydW1wLTA5NzUwMtIBSmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2J1c2hzLWlyYXEtaGF3a3MtdHJ1bXAtMDk3NTAy?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Winter Storm Threatens Much of the U.S. With Tornadoes, Flooding and Ice - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvd2ludGVyLXdlYXRoZXItc25vdy10b3JuYWRvZXMtZmxvb2RpbmcuaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvd2ludGVyLXdlYXRoZXItc25vdy10b3JuYWRvZXMtZmxvb2RpbmcuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Earthquake rocks Puerto Rico — days after latest quake - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2VhcnRocXVha2Utcm9ja3MtcHVlcnRvLXJpY28tZGF5cy1hZnRlci1sYXRlc3QtcXVha2Uv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZWFydGhxdWFrZS1yb2Nrcy1wdWVydG8tcmljby1kYXlzLWFmdGVyLWxhdGVzdC1xdWFrZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Amy Poehler And Tina Fey Will Host The Golden Globes Next Year - BuzzFeed News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1enpmZWVkbmV3cy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9qdWxpYXJlaW5zdGVpbi90aW5hLWZleS1hbXktcG9laGxlci1ob3N0LWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtMjAyMdIBYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1enpmZWVkbmV3cy5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9qdWxpYXJlaW5zdGVpbi90aW5hLWZleS1hbXktcG9laGxlci1ob3N0LWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtMjAyMQ?oc=5
https://www.buzzfeednews.com

John Boyega has really embraced his destiny as the planet's most powerful Star Wars troll - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL2pvaG4tYm95ZWdhLWhhcy1yZWFsbHktZW1icmFjZWQtaGlzLWRlc3RpbnktYXMtdGhlLXBsYW4tMTg0MDk0OTUyNdIBXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL2pvaG4tYm95ZWdhLWhhcy1yZWFsbHktZW1icmFjZWQtaGlzLWRlc3RpbnktYXMtdGhlLXBsYW4tMTg0MDk0OTUyNS9hbXA?oc=5
https://news.avclub.com

As Iran accepts blame for Ukrainian plane crash, Canada demands justice, answers - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS9uZXdzL3dvcmxkLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvaXJhbi1yZXNwb25zaWJpbGl0eS1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1jYW5hZGEtZGVtYW5kcy1qdXN0aWNlLzQ0NDE5NzQwMDIv0gEnaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAudXNhdG9kYXkuY29tL2FtcC80NDQxOTc0MDAy?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Ariana Grande Performing at Grammys Despite Last Year's Beef - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hcmlhbmEtZ3JhbmRlLXBlcmZvcm1pbmctZ3JhbW15cy1rZW4tZWhybGljaC1iZWVmL9IBUWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hcmlhbmEtZ3JhbmRlLXBlcmZvcm1pbmctZ3JhbW15cy1rZW4tZWhybGljaC1iZWVmLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Iraq PM tells Kurdish leaders he does not seek hostility with US - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2lyYXEtcG0tdGVsbHMta3VyZGlzaC1sZWFkZXJzLXNlZWstaG9zdGlsaXR5LTIwMDExMTE3NTgwMzI1Ni5odG1s0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWxqYXplZXJhLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxL2lyYXEtcG0tdGVsbHMta3VyZGlzaC1sZWFkZXJzLXNlZWstaG9zdGlsaXR5LTIwMDExMTE3NTgwMzI1Ni5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Meghan Markle reportedly signs deal with Disney after royal split - Today.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRvZGF5LmNvbS9wb3BjdWx0dXJlL21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtcmVwb3J0ZWRseS1zaWducy1kZWFsLWRpc25leS1hZnRlci1yb3lhbC1zcGxpdC10MTcxNjQ30gEqaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudG9kYXkuY29tL3RvZGF5L2FtcC90ZG5hMTcxNjQ3?oc=5
https://www.today.com

Trump Suggests He’d Block Bolton Testimony “For the Sake of the Office” - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL25ld3MtYW5kLXBvbGl0aWNzLzIwMjAvMDEvdHJ1bXAtc3VnZ2VzdHMtYmxvY2stam9obi1ib2x0b24tdGVzdGltb255LWltcGVhY2htZW50LXRyaWFsLmh0bWzSAWxodHRwczovL3NsYXRlLmNvbS9uZXdzLWFuZC1wb2xpdGljcy8yMDIwLzAxL3RydW1wLXN1Z2dlc3RzLWJsb2NrLWpvaG4tYm9sdG9uLXRlc3RpbW9ueS1pbXBlYWNobWVudC10cmlhbC5hbXA?oc=5
https://slate.com

Trump indicates he'd block Bolton's testimony 'for the sake of the office' | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3ODE5LXRydW1wLWluZGljYXRlcy1oZWQtYmxvY2stYm9sdG9ucy10ZXN0aW1vbnktZm9yLXRoZS1zYWtlLW9mLXRoZdIBdmh0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvYWRtaW5pc3RyYXRpb24vNDc3ODE5LXRydW1wLWluZGljYXRlcy1oZWQtYmxvY2stYm9sdG9ucy10ZXN0aW1vbnktZm9yLXRoZS1zYWtlLW9mLXRoZT9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Seven Days in January: How the U.S. and Iran Approached the Brink of War - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvdXMvcG9saXRpY3MvaXJhbi10cnVtcC5odG1s0gFCaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubnl0aW1lcy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91cy9wb2xpdGljcy9pcmFuLXRydW1wLmFtcC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Biden leading Democratic 2020 field among black voters, poll shows - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy9ibGFjay12b3RlcnMtZGVtb2NyYXRpYy1wcmltYXJ5LXBvbGwvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBW2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcG9saXRpY3MvYmxhY2stdm90ZXJzLWRlbW9jcmF0aWMtcHJpbWFyeS1wb2xsL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Two American service members killed in Taliban-claimed attack - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMinQFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvdHdvLWFtZXJpY2FuLXNlcnZpY2UtbWVtYmVycy1raWxsZWQtaW4tdGFsaWJhbi1jbGFpbWVkLWF0dGFjay8yMDIwLzAxLzExLzExMWZmMDg2LTM0OTItMTFlYS05NzFiLTQzYmVjM2ZmOTg2MF9zdG9yeS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

What can the new Samsung Galaxy S10 Lite tell us about the upcoming Galaxy S11? - TechRadar India
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRlY2hyYWRhci5jb20vbmV3cy93aGF0LWNhbi10aGUtbmV3LXNhbXN1bmctZ2FsYXh5LXMxMC1saXRlLXRlbGwtdXMtYWJvdXQtdGhlLXVwY29taW5nLWdhbGF4eS1zMTHSAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy50ZWNocmFkYXIuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL3doYXQtY2FuLXRoZS1uZXctc2Ftc3VuZy1nYWxheHktczEwLWxpdGUtdGVsbC11cy1hYm91dC10aGUtdXBjb21pbmctZ2FsYXh5LXMxMQ?oc=5
https://www.techradar.com

Biden trounces other 2020 candidates in poll of black Democrats | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3MvY2FtcGFpZ24vNDc3ODI5LWJpZGVuLXRyb3VuY2VzLW90aGVyLWNhbmRpZGF0ZXMtaW4tcG9sbC1vZi1ibGFjay1kZW1vY3JhdHPSAWtodHRwczovL3RoZWhpbGwuY29tL2hvbWVuZXdzL2NhbXBhaWduLzQ3NzgyOS1iaWRlbi10cm91bmNlcy1vdGhlci1jYW5kaWRhdGVzLWluLXBvbGwtb2YtYmxhY2stZGVtb2NyYXRzP2FtcA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Trump goes on Twitter tear as Pelosi readies articles of impeachment - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdHJ1bXAtdHdpdHRlci1wZWxvc2ktcmVhZGllcy1hcnRpY2xlcy1vZi1pbXBlYWNobWVudC0yMDIwLTHSAVtodHRwczovL2FtcC5idXNpbmVzc2luc2lkZXIuY29tL3RydW1wLXR3aXR0ZXItcGVsb3NpLXJlYWRpZXMtYXJ0aWNsZXMtb2YtaW1wZWFjaG1lbnQtMjAyMC0x?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Boeing's ex-CEO keeps $80m after 737 Max crashes and scandal - Quartz
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vcXouY29tLzE3ODM2NTgvYm9laW5ncy1leC1jZW8ta2VlcHMtODBtLWFmdGVyLTczNy1tYXgtY3Jhc2hlcy1hbmQtc2NhbmRhbC_SAVZodHRwczovL3F6LmNvbS8xNzgzNjU4L2JvZWluZ3MtZXgtY2VvLWtlZXBzLTgwbS1hZnRlci03MzctbWF4LWNyYXNoZXMtYW5kLXNjYW5kYWwvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://qz.com

Democrats conflicted over how to limit Trump's war powers | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3Nzc2My1kZW1vY3JhdHMtY29uZmxpY3RlZC1vdmVyLWhvdy10by1saW1pdC10cnVtcHMtd2FyLXBvd2Vyc9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vaG9tZW5ld3Mvc2VuYXRlLzQ3Nzc2My1kZW1vY3JhdHMtY29uZmxpY3RlZC1vdmVyLWhvdy10by1saW1pdC10cnVtcHMtd2FyLXBvd2Vycz9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Ukrainian Plane Crash: Protests Erupt After Iran Admits 'Unforgivable Mistake' - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTU1Njc0ODMvaXJhbnMtdW5mb3JnaXZhYmxlLW1pc3Rha2UtZG93bmluZy1qZXQtZWxpY2l0cy1mdXJvci1hdC1ob21lLWFuZC1hYnJvYWTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Was racism a factor in Harry and Meghan's decision to 'step back?' - CBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VzlsNVBDNjBHWlnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Minnesota Vikings at San Francisco 49ers: Inactive lists for both teams - Daily Norseman
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5bm9yc2VtYW4uY29tLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MTQ4NS9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1zYW4tZnJhbmNpc2NvLTQ5ZXJzLWluYWN0aXZlLWxpc3Rz0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGFpbHlub3JzZW1hbi5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MTQ4NS9taW5uZXNvdGEtdmlraW5ncy1zYW4tZnJhbmNpc2NvLTQ5ZXJzLWluYWN0aXZlLWxpc3Rz?oc=5
https://www.dailynorseman.com

NFL playoff bracket 2020: Schedule, dates, times, streaming info, TV for every round of NFC, AFC postseason - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWJyYWNrZXQtMjAyMC1zY2hlZHVsZS1kYXRlcy10aW1lcy1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby10di1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtbmZjLWFmYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWJyYWNrZXQtMjAyMC1zY2hlZHVsZS1kYXRlcy10aW1lcy1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby10di1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtbmZjLWFmYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Iran's handling of plane disaster sparks new challenge to rulers - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWlyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcG9saXRpY3MtYW5hbHlzaXMvaXJhbnMtaGFuZGxpbmctb2YtcGxhbmUtZGlzYXN0ZXItc3BhcmtzLW5ldy1jaGFsbGVuZ2UtdG8tcnVsZXJzLWlkVVNLQk4xWkEwUjfSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVpBMFI3?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Iranian semi-official news agency reports anti-government protests - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2lyYW4tY3Jhc2gtcHJvdGVzdHMtZmFycy9pcmFuaWFuLXNlbWktb2ZmaWNpYWwtbmV3cy1hZ2VuY3ktcmVwb3J0cy1hbnRpLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtcHJvdGVzdHMtaWRVU1M4TjI2RTAxOdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNTOE4yNkUwMTk?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Thousands Protest in Tehran Against Regime After It Admits to Shooting Down Plane - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3Rob3VzYW5kcy1wcm90ZXN0LWluLXRlaHJhbi1hZ2FpbnN0LXJlZ2ltZS1hZnRlci1pdC1hZG1pdHMtdG8tc2hvb3RpbmctZG93bi1wbGFuZdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Tsai Ing-wen Wins Reelection In Taiwan - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTU1NzM0NTcvcmVidWtpbmctY2hpbmEtdGFpd2FuLXZvdGVzLXRvLXJlZWxlY3QtcHJlc2lkZW50LXRzYWktaW5nLXdlbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

A Utah man survived in the Alaskan wilderness for three weeks after a fire burned his house and killed his dog - CNN International
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91cy9tYW4tc3Vydml2ZXMtYWxhc2thLXdpbGRlcm5lc3MtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91cy9tYW4tc3Vydml2ZXMtYWxhc2thLXdpbGRlcm5lc3MtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

49ers vs. Vikings pregame: Starters returning, Saleh in Browns’ mix - The Mercury News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1lcmN1cnluZXdzLmNvbS80OWVycy12cy12aWtpbmdzLXByZWdhbWUtc3RhcnRlcnMtcmV0dXJuaW5nLXNhbGVoLWluLWJyb3ducy1taXjSAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5tZXJjdXJ5bmV3cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS80OWVycy12cy12aWtpbmdzLXByZWdhbWUtc3RhcnRlcnMtcmV0dXJuaW5nLXNhbGVoLWluLWJyb3ducy1taXgvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.mercurynews.com

'Death to the liars': Protesters in Iran call for Khamenei resignation after downing of jet - Washington Examiner
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9uZXhhbWluZXIuY29tL25ld3MvZGVhdGgtdG8tdGhlLWxpYXJzLWlyYW5pYW4tcHJvdGVzdGVycy1jYWxsLWZvci1raGFtZW5laS1yZXNpZ25hdGlvbi1hZnRlci1kb3duaW5nLW9mLWpldNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonexaminer.com

Titans vs. Ravens odds, line: NFL Playoff picks, bracket predictions from projection model on 96-65 roll - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3RpdGFucy12cy1yYXZlbnMtb2Rkcy1saW5lLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXBpY2tzLWJyYWNrZXQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZnJvbS1wcm9qZWN0aW9uLW1vZGVsLW9uLTk2LTY1LXJvbGwv0gGMAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvdGl0YW5zLXZzLXJhdmVucy1vZGRzLWxpbmUtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtcGlja3MtYnJhY2tldC1wcmVkaWN0aW9ucy1mcm9tLXByb2plY3Rpb24tbW9kZWwtb24tOTYtNjUtcm9sbC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Protests erupt in Iran over plane's downing that killed 176 - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvcHJvdGVzdHMtZXJ1cHQtaXJhbi1vdmVyLXBsYW5lLXMtZG93bmluZy1raWxsZWQtMTc2LW4xMTE0MDgx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTQwODE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will be back to host the 2021 Golden Globes - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3RpbmEtZmV5LWFteS1wb2VobGVyLWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFjaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L3RpbmEtZmV5LWFteS1wb2VobGVyLWdvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

NFL playoff bracket 2020: Schedule, dates, times, streaming info, TV for every round of NFC, AFC postseason - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWJyYWNrZXQtMjAyMC1zY2hlZHVsZS10aW1lcy1kYXRlcy1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby10di1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtbmZjLWFmYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL25mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWJyYWNrZXQtMjAyMC1zY2hlZHVsZS10aW1lcy1kYXRlcy1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby10di1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtbmZjLWFmYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Titans vs. Ravens odds, line: NFL Playoff picks, bracket predictions from projection model on 96-65 roll - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3RpdGFucy12cy1yYXZlbnMtb2Rkcy1saW5lLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXBpY2tzLWJyYWNrZXQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZnJvbS1jb21wdXRlci1tb2RlbC1vbi05Ni02NS1yb2xsL9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3RpdGFucy12cy1yYXZlbnMtb2Rkcy1saW5lLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXBpY2tzLWJyYWNrZXQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZnJvbS1jb21wdXRlci1tb2RlbC1vbi05Ni02NS1yb2xsL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

'Grey's Anatomy': The Real Reason Justin Chambers Is Quitting the Show After 16 Seasons - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2dyZXlzLWFuYXRvbXktdGhlLXJlYWwtcmVhc29uLWp1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1pcy1xdWl0dGluZy10aGUtc2hvdy1hZnRlci0xNi1zZWFzb25zLmh0bWwv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

NFL divisional round fashion files - The best entrances, outfits and cleats - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY0MTE2L25mbC1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5kLWZhc2hpb24tZmlsZXMtYmVzdC1lbnRyYW5jZXMtb3V0Zml0cy1jbGVhdHPSAXpodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ2NDExNi9uZmwtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZC1mYXNoaW9uLWZpbGVzLWJlc3QtZW50cmFuY2VzLW91dGZpdHMtY2xlYXRzP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Bills' Cody Ford fined for questionable penalty, but Jadeveon Clowney escapes punishment for helmet hit - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYmlsbHMtY29keS1mb3JkLWZpbmVkLWZvci1xdWVzdGlvbmFibGUtcGVuYWx0eS1idXQtamFkZXZlb24tY2xvd25leS1lc2NhcGVzLXB1bmlzaG1lbnQtZm9yLWhlbG1ldC1oaXQtMjAxNDQyMzc4Lmh0bWzSAZUBaHR0cHM6Ly9zcG9ydHMueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvYmlsbHMtY29keS1mb3JkLWZpbmVkLWZvci1xdWVzdGlvbmFibGUtcGVuYWx0eS1idXQtamFkZXZlb24tY2xvd25leS1lc2NhcGVzLXB1bmlzaG1lbnQtZm9yLWhlbG1ldC1oaXQtMjAxNDQyMzc4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Browns coaching search buzz centering on two coaches involved in Vikings-49ers game - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvYnJvd25zLWNvYWNoaW5nLXNlYXJjaC1idXp6LWNlbnRlcmluZy1vbi10d28tY29hY2hlcy1pbnZvbHZlZC1pbi12aWtpbmdzLTQ5ZXJzLWdhbWUv0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9uZmwvbmV3cy9icm93bnMtY29hY2hpbmctc2VhcmNoLWJ1enotY2VudGVyaW5nLW9uLXR3by1jb2FjaGVzLWludm9sdmVkLWluLXZpa2luZ3MtNDllcnMtZ2FtZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Canadian Prime Minister JUSTIN TRUDEAU Pays Tribute To NEIL PEART: 'We've Lost A Legend' - BLABBERMOUTH.NET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsYWJiZXJtb3V0aC5uZXQvbmV3cy9jYW5hZGlhbi1wcmltZS1taW5pc3Rlci1qdXN0aW4tdHJ1ZGVhdS1wYXlzLXRyaWJ1dGUtdG8tbmVpbC1wZWFydC13ZXZlLWxvc3QtYS1sZWdlbmQv0gEA?oc=5
https://www.blabbermouth.net

Justin Trudeau toughens his stand on the world stage as he demands justice over plane downed by Iran - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hbWVyaWNhcy90cnVkZWF1LXRydW1wLXVrcmFpbmlhbi1wbGFuZS1jcmFzaC1pcmFuL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAV9odHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2FtZXJpY2FzL3RydWRlYXUtdHJ1bXAtdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lLWNyYXNoLWlyYW4vaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

At least 7 dead as storms stretch across South | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc4NDItYXQtbGVhc3QtNy1kZWFkLWFzLXN0b3Jtcy1zdHJldGNoLWFjcm9zcy1zb3V0aNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2VuZXJneS1lbnZpcm9ubWVudC80Nzc4NDItYXQtbGVhc3QtNy1kZWFkLWFzLXN0b3Jtcy1zdHJldGNoLWFjcm9zcy1zb3V0aD9hbXA?oc=5
https://thehill.com

Macron Scraps Proposal to Raise Retirement Age in France - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL2ZyYW5jZS1wZW5zaW9uLXByb3Rlc3RzLmh0bWzSAVBodHRwczovL3d3dy5ueXRpbWVzLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3dvcmxkL2V1cm9wZS9mcmFuY2UtcGVuc2lvbi1wcm90ZXN0cy5hbXAuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Harry and Meghan's future to be discussed by royals on Monday - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvaGFycnktbWVnaGFuLXMtZnV0dXJlLWJlLWRpc2N1c3NlZC1yb3lhbHMtbW9uZGF5LW4xMTE0MDkx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTQwOTE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Amazon boss Bezos to face protests from traders during India trip - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLWFtYXpvbi1jb20taW5kaWEtcHJvdGVzdHMvYW1hem9uLWJvc3MtYmV6b3MtdG8tZmFjZS1wcm90ZXN0cy1mcm9tLXRyYWRlcnMtZHVyaW5nLWluZGlhLXRyaXAtaWRVU0tCTjFaQTBGWdIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWkEwRlk?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

The royal family will hold a summit Monday to discuss Prince Harry and Meghan - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91ay9oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LW1lZXRpbmctdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS91ay9oYXJyeS1tZWdoYW4tcm95YWwtZmFtaWx5LW1lZXRpbmctdHJuZC9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Jason Segel and Paul Rudd: Neil Peart Was a ‘Thunderbolt of a Human Being’ - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vbXVzaWMvbXVzaWMtbmV3cy9qYXNvbi1zZWdlbC1wYXVsLXJ1ZGQtcnVzaC1uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LWktbG92ZS15b3UtbWFuLTkzNjYwNC_SAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5yb2xsaW5nc3RvbmUuY29tL211c2ljL211c2ljLW5ld3MvamFzb24tc2VnZWwtcGF1bC1ydWRkLXJ1c2gtbmVpbC1wZWFydC1pLWxvdmUteW91LW1hbi05MzY2MDQvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

Second round of snow scaled back, still expect travel impacts -Dana - Channel3000.com - WISC-TV3
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoYW5uZWwzMDAwLmNvbS9zZWNvbmQtcm91bmQtb2Ytc25vdy1zY2FsZWQtYmFjay1zdGlsbC1leHBlY3QtdHJhdmVsLWltcGFjdHMtZGFuYS_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.channel3000.com

Get a Whole New Wardrobe for an Extra 60% Off at Banana Republic - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL2dldC1hLXdob2xlLW5ldy13YXJkcm9iZS1mb3ItYW4tZXh0cmEtNjAtb2ZmLWF0LWJhbmFuYS1yZXB1YmxpY9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

'Grey's Anatomy': These Jo and Alex Theories Explain What Happens to the Karevs After Justin Chambers Leaves - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1qby1hbGV4LWthcmV2LWRlYXRoLW1vdmUtYnJlYWt1cC1qdXN0aW4tY2hhbWJlcnMtbGVhdmUtdGhlb3JpZXMuaHRtbC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

49ers Vs. Vikings Live Updates: They Are Tied 7-7 After Early Touchdowns - The New York Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc3BvcnRzL2Zvb3RiYWxsLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2NvcmUuaHRtbNIBT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm55dGltZXMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvc3BvcnRzL2Zvb3RiYWxsLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2NvcmUuYW1wLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.nytimes.com

Kansas vs. Baylor score, takeaways: No. 4 Bears upset No. 3 Jayhawks, win for the first time at KU - CBSSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9uZXdzL2thbnNhcy12cy1iYXlsb3Itc2NvcmUtdGFrZWF3YXlzLW5vLTQtYmVhcnMtdXBzZXQtbm8tMy1qYXloYXdrcy13aW4tZm9yLXRoZS1maXJzdC10aW1lLWF0LWt1L2xpdmUv0gGYAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1iYXNrZXRiYWxsL25ld3Mva2Fuc2FzLXZzLWJheWxvci1zY29yZS10YWtlYXdheXMtbm8tNC1iZWFycy11cHNldC1uby0zLWpheWhhd2tzLXdpbi1mb3ItdGhlLWZpcnN0LXRpbWUtYXQta3UvbGl2ZS9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Does Alex Karev Die on 'Grey's Anatomy'? These Theories Suggests Death Is Inevitable When Justin Chambers Departs - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNoZWF0c2hlZXQuY29tL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvYWxleC1rYXJldi1kaWUtZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1kZWF0aC1taWRzZWFzb24tcHJlbWllcmUtanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLXRoZW9yeS5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

Jared Butler, No. 4 Baylor outlast No. 3 Kansas in rare Bears victory on Jayhawks' hallowed hardwood - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMimwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9tZW5zLWNvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY0NjQ2L2phcmVkLWJ1dGxlci1uby00LWJheWxvci1vdXRsYXN0LW5vLTMta2Fuc2FzLXJhcmUtYmVhcnMtdmljdG9yeS1qYXloYXdrcy1oYWxsb3dlZC1oYXJkd29vZNIBqAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9tZW5zLWNvbGxlZ2UtYmFza2V0YmFsbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY0NjQ2L2phcmVkLWJ1dGxlci1uby00LWJheWxvci1vdXRsYXN0LW5vLTMta2Fuc2FzLXJhcmUtYmVhcnMtdmljdG9yeS1qYXloYXdrcy1oYWxsb3dlZC1oYXJkd29vZD9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Mysterious virus spreads in China, over 40 people infected - One America News Network
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiT2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm9hbm4uY29tL215c3RlcmlvdXMtdmlydXMtc3ByZWFkcy1pbi1jaGluYS1vdmVyLTQwLXBlb3BsZS1pbmZlY3RlZC_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.oann.com

Golden Globes: Tina Fey and Amy Poehler follow Ricky Gervais as hosts - The Guardian
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9maWxtLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL2dvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtdGluYS1mZXktYW15LXBvZWhsZXItcmlja3ktZ2VydmFpcy1ob3N0c9IBY2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRoZWd1YXJkaWFuLmNvbS9maWxtLzIwMjAvamFuLzExL2dvbGRlbi1nbG9iZXMtdGluYS1mZXktYW15LXBvZWhsZXItcmlja3ktZ2VydmFpcy1ob3N0cw?oc=5
https://www.theguardian.com

Meghan Markle and Prince Harry: Queen Elizabeth to meet with Princes Charles, William and Harry - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL21lZ2hhbi1tYXJrbGUtYW5kLXByaW5jZS1oYXJyeS1xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtdG8tbWVldC13aXRoLXByaW5jZXMtY2hhcmxlcy13aWxsaWFtLWFuZC1oYXJyeS0yMDIwLTAxLTExL9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9tZWdoYW4tbWFya2xlLWFuZC1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktcXVlZW4tZWxpemFiZXRoLXRvLW1lZXQtd2l0aC1wcmluY2VzLWNoYXJsZXMtd2lsbGlhbS1hbmQtaGFycnktMjAyMC0wMS0xMS8?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Winter storms spread snow, ice and rain over Missouri - KY3
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmt5My5jb20vY29udGVudC9uZXdzL1dpbnRlci1zdG9ybXMtc3ByZWFkLXNub3ctaWNlLWFuZC1yYWluLW92ZXItTWlzc291cmktNTY2OTEwNTgxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.ky3.com

Seattle man kills himself after officer falsely says he critically injured woman in crash - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9zZWF0dGxlLW1hbi1raWxscy1oaW1zZWxmLWFmdGVyLW9mZmljZXItZmFsc2VseS1zYXlzLWhlLWNyaXRpY2FsbHktbjExMTQwNzbSASxodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL2FtcC9uY25hMTExNDA3Ng?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Nine dead, flights canceled, power out as winter storms hit the U.S. - Reuters.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdXMtdXNhLXdlYXRoZXIvbmluZS1kZWFkLWZsaWdodHMtY2FuY2VsZWQtcG93ZXItb3V0LWFzLXdpbnRlci1zdG9ybXMtaGl0LXRoZS11cy1pZFVTS0JOMVpBMFUz0gE0aHR0cHM6Ly9tb2JpbGUucmV1dGVycy5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS9hbXAvaWRVU0tCTjFaQTBVMw?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

US to Iraq: access to Fed bank account at risk over troop expulsion - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdXMtd2Fybi1pcmFxLWFjY2Vzcy1mZWQtYmFuay1hY2NvdW50LXJpc2stdHJvb3AtZXhwdWxzaW9uLTIwMjAtMdIBYGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vdXMtd2Fybi1pcmFxLWFjY2Vzcy1mZWQtYmFuay1hY2NvdW50LXJpc2stdHJvb3AtZXhwdWxzaW9uLTIwMjAtMQ?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Storms sweep across South, death toll rises to 9 - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiM2h0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS84ODIyZDUwYWM5N2MxNTcwNjBkYmU4NWYzZWZlNmIzYtIBAA?oc=5
https://apnews.com

US storms: At least eight killed in severe weather - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC11cy1jYW5hZGEtNTEwNzY5MDHSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLXVzLWNhbmFkYS01MTA3NjkwMQ?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Puerto Rico hit with a 5.9-magnitude earthquake - Vox.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYxMzg4L3B1ZXJ0by1yaWNvLWVhcnRocXVha2UtbWFnbml0dWRlLTUtOS1hZnRlcnNob2Nrc9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZveC5jb20vcGxhdGZvcm0vYW1wLzIwMjAvMS8xMS8yMTA2MTM4OC9wdWVydG8tcmljby1lYXJ0aHF1YWtlLW1hZ25pdHVkZS01LTktYWZ0ZXJzaG9ja3M?oc=5
https://www.vox.com

Queen summons Charles, William and Harry to historic summit at Sandringham on Monday to thrash out Royal - The Sun
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiU2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZXN1bi5jby51ay9uZXdzLzEwNzE5MDU0L3F1ZWVuLWNoYXJsZXMtd2lsbGlhbS1oYXJyeS1oaXN0b3JpYy1zdW1taXQv0gFXaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlc3VuLmNvLnVrL25ld3MvMTA3MTkwNTQvcXVlZW4tY2hhcmxlcy13aWxsaWFtLWhhcnJ5LWhpc3RvcmljLXN1bW1pdC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.thesun.co.uk

A New Study Finds Women Are at an Increased Risk for Alcohol-Related Deaths - Vogue
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnZvZ3VlLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FsY29ob2wtcmVsYXRlZC1kZWF0aHMtc3R1ZHktaW5jcmVhc2UtZm9yLXdvbWVu0gFRaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudm9ndWUuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYWxjb2hvbC1yZWxhdGVkLWRlYXRocy1zdHVkeS1pbmNyZWFzZS1mb3Itd29tZW4vYW1w?oc=5
https://www.vogue.com

Jeffree Star confirms he and Nathan Schwandt are over - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2plZmZyZWUtc3Rhci1uYXRoYW4tc2Nod2FuZHQtYnJlYWt1cC10cm5kL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAWVodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQvamVmZnJlZS1zdGFyLW5hdGhhbi1zY2h3YW5kdC1icmVha3VwLXRybmQvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Queen Elizabeth to Hold Meeting Over Harry & Meghan's Future - TMZ
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaG9sZC1tZWV0aW5nLXN1bW1pdC1yb3lhbHMtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktZnV0dXJlL9IBbGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLnRtei5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9xdWVlbi1lbGl6YWJldGgtaG9sZC1tZWV0aW5nLXN1bW1pdC1yb3lhbHMtbWVnaGFuLW1hcmtsZS1wcmluY2UtaGFycnktZnV0dXJlLw?oc=5
https://www.tmz.com

Trump Says Iran Was Targeting Four U.S. Embassies Ahead Of Soleimani Strike | NBC Nightly News - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9dW5RLVJxOFR4TGfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Severe winter storm leaves 9 dead, cancels hundreds of flights - Business Insider Nordic
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vd2ludGVyLXN0b3JtLWRlYXRocy1kYW1hZ2UtdHJhdmVsLWZsaWdodHMtY2FuY2VsbGVkLTIwMjAtMdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Teen Intern on 3rd Day: What's This Black Dot? - Newser
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5ld3Nlci5jb20vc3RvcnkvMjg1NDQ2L2FtZXJpY2FuLXRlZW4tZmluZHMtdGhpcy0xM2stbGlnaHQteWVhcnMtYXdheS5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
https://www.newser.com

Fliers recruiting suicide terrorists to attack US distributed in Iran - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2ZsaWVycy1yZWNydWl0aW5nLXN1aWNpZGUtdGVycm9yaXN0cy1mb3ItamloYWQtYWdhaW5zdC11cy1kaXN0cmlidXRlZC1pbi1pcmFuL9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2ZsaWVycy1yZWNydWl0aW5nLXN1aWNpZGUtdGVycm9yaXN0cy1mb3ItamloYWQtYWdhaW5zdC11cy1kaXN0cmlidXRlZC1pbi1pcmFuL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

Two children are Michigan’s first pediatric deaths of 2019-20 flu season - MLive.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1saXZlLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvdHdvLWNoaWxkcmVuLWFyZS1taWNoaWdhbnMtZmlyc3QtcGVkaWF0cmljLWRlYXRocy1vZi0yMDE5LTIwLWZsdS1zZWFzb24uaHRtbNIBfmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1saXZlLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvdHdvLWNoaWxkcmVuLWFyZS1taWNoaWdhbnMtZmlyc3QtcGVkaWF0cmljLWRlYXRocy1vZi0yMDE5LTIwLWZsdS1zZWFzb24uaHRtbD9vdXRwdXRUeXBlPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.mlive.com

50 Cent Supports Oprah Leaving #MeToo Documentary - XXLMAG.COM
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lnh4bG1hZy5jb20vbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzUwLWNlbnQtb3ByYWgtbWV0b28tZG9jdW1lbnRhcnktcnVzc2VsbC1zaW1tb25zL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.xxlmag.com

Puerto Rico earthquake aftershocks again rattle coastline as residents deal with disaster after disaster - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Miami rapper Trick Daddy arrested on DUI and cocaine possession charges - Miami Herald
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1pYW1paGVyYWxkLmNvbS9uZXdzL2xvY2FsL2NyaW1lL2FydGljbGUyMzkxOTQ0OTguaHRtbNIBQmh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLm1pYW1paGVyYWxkLmNvbS9uZXdzL2xvY2FsL2NyaW1lL2FydGljbGUyMzkxOTQ0OTguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.miamiherald.com

Jamie Newman: Film Room on the Newest Georgia Quarterback - Sports Illustrated
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnNpLmNvbS9jb2xsZWdlL2dlb3JnaWEvcmVjcnVpdGluZy9qYW1pZS1uZXdtYW4tZmlsbS1yb29tLWdlb3JnaWEtcXVhcnRlcmJhY2vSAWVodHRwczovL3d3dy5zaS5jb20vLmFtcC1nZW9yZ2lhL2NvbGxlZ2UvZ2VvcmdpYS9yZWNydWl0aW5nL2phbWllLW5ld21hbi1maWxtLXJvb20tZ2VvcmdpYS1xdWFydGVyYmFjaw?oc=5
https://www.si.com

Iranian protesters demand Khamenei quit over downing of plane - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cUJwYVp6SGVJS2PSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Officials: 3 dead in Alabama, bringing storm death toll to 7 - WTVC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3c2NoYW5uZWw5LmNvbS9uZXdzL2xvY2FsL29mZmljaWFscy0zLWRlYWQtaW4tYWxhYmFtYS1icmluZ2luZy1zdG9ybS1kZWF0aC10b2xsLXRvLTfSAQA?oc=5
https://newschannel9.com

Puerto Rico earthquake aftershocks again rattle coastline as residents deal with disaster after disaster - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Officials: 3 dead in Alabama, bringing storm death toll to 7 - WTVC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHA6Ly9uZXdzY2hhbm5lbDkuY29tL25ld3MvbG9jYWwvb2ZmaWNpYWxzLTMtZGVhZC1pbi1hbGFiYW1hLWJyaW5naW5nLXN0b3JtLWRlYXRoLXRvbGwtdG8tN9IBAA?oc=5
http://newschannel9.com

Iranians protested demanding Khamenei's resignation over plane strike - Business Insider
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1c2luZXNzaW5zaWRlci5jb20vaXJhbmlhbnMtcHJvdGVzdGVkLWRlbWFuZGluZy1raGFtZW5laXMtcmVzaWduYXRpb24tb3Zlci1wbGFuZS1zdHJpa2UtMjAyMC0x0gFraHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuYnVzaW5lc3NpbnNpZGVyLmNvbS9pcmFuaWFucy1wcm90ZXN0ZWQtZGVtYW5kaW5nLWtoYW1lbmVpcy1yZXNpZ25hdGlvbi1vdmVyLXBsYW5lLXN0cmlrZS0yMDIwLTE?oc=5
https://www.businessinsider.com

Tina Fey and Amy Poehler Named Golden Globes Co-Hosts as the 2021 Awards Season Kicks Into High Gear - Slate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL2N1bHR1cmUvMjAyMC8wMS90aW5hLWZleS1hbXktcG9laGxlci1nb2xkZW4tZ2xvYmVzLWhvc3RzLTIwMjEuaHRtbNIBU2h0dHBzOi8vc2xhdGUuY29tL2N1bHR1cmUvMjAyMC8wMS90aW5hLWZleS1hbXktcG9laGxlci1nb2xkZW4tZ2xvYmVzLWhvc3RzLTIwMjEuYW1w?oc=5
https://slate.com

LSU vs. Clemson odds, line, spread: Predictions, picks and props for national championship 2020 - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL2NvbGxlZ2UtZm9vdGJhbGwvbmV3cy9sc3UtdnMtY2xlbXNvbi1vZGRzLWxpbmUtc3ByZWFkLXByZWRpY3Rpb25zLXBpY2tzLWFuZC1wcm9wcy1mb3ItbmF0aW9uYWwtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLTIwMjAv0gGPAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vY29sbGVnZS1mb290YmFsbC9uZXdzL2xzdS12cy1jbGVtc29uLW9kZHMtbGluZS1zcHJlYWQtcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtcGlja3MtYW5kLXByb3BzLWZvci1uYXRpb25hbC1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtMjAyMC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

At least 3 found dead in storm-damaged homes in Louisiana - KTRK-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vYWJjMTMuY29tL3dlYXRoZXIvYXQtbGVhc3QtMy1mb3VuZC1kZWFkLWluLXN0b3JtLWRhbWFnZWQtaG9tZXMtaW4tbG91aXNpYW5hLzU4Mzc3MzUv0gEdaHR0cHM6Ly9hYmMxMy5jb20vYW1wLzU4Mzc3MzU?oc=5
https://abc13.com

Alcohol-related deaths in US have doubled since 1999: Study - myCentralOregon.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm15Y2VudHJhbG9yZWdvbi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hbGNvaG9sLXJlbGF0ZWQtZGVhdGhzLWluLXVzLWhhdmUtZG91YmxlZC1zaW5jZS0xOTk5LXN0dWR5L9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.mycentraloregon.com

Tornadoes hit Missouri, Arkansas & Oklahoma as severe storms move east - KY3
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lmt5My5jb20vY29udGVudC9uZXdzL1Rvcm5hZG9lcy1oaXQtTWlzc291cmktT2tsYWhvbWEtYXMtc2V2ZXJlLXN0b3Jtcy1tb3ZlLWVhc3QtNTY2ODk5MDYxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.ky3.com

UPDATE: Tornado Watch lifted for most of TN Valley, but severe storms still threaten - WRCB-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndyY2J0di5jb20vc3RvcnkvNDE1NDc0OTIvdXBkYXRlLXRvcm5hZG8td2F0Y2gtbGlmdGVkLWZvci1tb3N0LW9mLXRuLXZhbGxleS1idXQtc2V2ZXJlLXN0b3Jtcy1zdGlsbC10aHJlYXRlbtIBAA?oc=5
https://www.wrcbtv.com

Iraq warned to keep US troops or risk financial blow-WSJ - Aljazeera.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFsamF6ZWVyYS5jb20vYWppbXBhY3QvaXJhcS13YXJuZWQtdHJvb3BzLXJpc2stZmluYW5jaWFsLWJsb3ctd3NqLTIwMDExMTE2NDI0NjI0NS5odG1s0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYWxqYXplZXJhLmNvbS9hbXAvYWppbXBhY3QvaXJhcS13YXJuZWQtdHJvb3BzLXJpc2stZmluYW5jaWFsLWJsb3ctd3NqLTIwMDExMTE2NDI0NjI0NS5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.aljazeera.com

Ellen Pompeo reacts to Justin Chambers leaving Grey's Anatomy - Entertainment Weekly News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL3R2LzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZWxsZW4tcG9tcGVvLXJlYWN0cy1qdXN0aW4tY2hhbWJlcnMtbGVhdmluZy1ncmV5cy1hbmF0b215L9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vZXcuY29tL3R2LzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvZWxsZW4tcG9tcGVvLXJlYWN0cy1qdXN0aW4tY2hhbWJlcnMtbGVhdmluZy1ncmV5cy1hbmF0b215L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://ew.com

Ravens' Ingram (calf) expected to play - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

President Donald Trump Tweetstorm – The Saturday Edition - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvcHJlc2lkZW50LWRvbmFsZC10cnVtcC10d2VldHN0b3JtLXRoZS1zYXR1cmRheS1lZGl0aW9uLTU1LTEyMDI4Mjc1Nzgv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly9kZWFkbGluZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9wcmVzaWRlbnQtZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLXR3ZWV0c3Rvcm0tdGhlLXNhdHVyZGF5LWVkaXRpb24tNTUtMTIwMjgyNzU3OC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://deadline.com

36% of Workers Are Making This Simple (Yet Disastrous) 401(k) Mistake - The Motley Fool
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvb2wuY29tL3JldGlyZW1lbnQvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS8zNi1vZi13b3JrZXJzLWFyZS1tYWtpbmctdGhpcy1zaW1wbGUteWV0LWRpc2FzdHJvdS5hc3B40gFmaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9vbC5jb20vYW1wL3JldGlyZW1lbnQvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS8zNi1vZi13b3JrZXJzLWFyZS1tYWtpbmctdGhpcy1zaW1wbGUteWV0LWRpc2FzdHJvdS5hc3B4?oc=5
https://www.fool.com

Trump had a busy week even aside from Iran and impeachment. Here's what you missed. - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1idXN5LXdlZWstcm91bmR1cC1yZXZpZXcvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBVWh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvcG9saXRpY3MvdHJ1bXAtYnVzeS13ZWVrLXJvdW5kdXAtcmV2aWV3L2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

The 10 Most Anticipated Games of 2020 - WIRED
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpcmVkLmNvbS9zdG9yeS9tb3N0LWFudGljaXBhdGVkLXZpZGVvZ2FtZXMtMjAyMC_SAUBodHRwczovL3d3dy53aXJlZC5jb20vc3RvcnkvbW9zdC1hbnRpY2lwYXRlZC12aWRlb2dhbWVzLTIwMjAvYW1w?oc=5
https://www.wired.com

Stefon Diggs holds on for 41-yard TD catch from Kirk Cousins - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY0ODgyL3N0ZWZvbi1kaWdncy1ob2xkcy00MS15YXJkLXRkLWNhdGNoLWtpcmstY291c2luc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Poll: Biden leads handily in African American support - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvam9lLWJpZGVuLWFmcmljYW4tYW1lcmljYW4tdm90ZXJzLXBvbGwtMDk3NTI00gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvam9lLWJpZGVuLWFmcmljYW4tYW1lcmljYW4tdm90ZXJzLXBvbGwtMDk3NTI0?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

GM is giving Hummer a second life as an electric pickup - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9jYXJzL2dtLWVsZWN0cmljLXBpY2t1cC1odW1tZXIvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBTGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvY2Fycy9nbS1lbGVjdHJpYy1waWNrdXAtaHVtbWVyL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

China reports first death from outbreak of mystery virus - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3Mvd29ybGQvY2hpbmEtcmVwb3J0cy1maXJzdC1kZWF0aC1vdXRicmVhay1teXN0ZXJ5LXZpcnVzLW4xMTE0MDUx0gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTQwNTE?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Trump claims Soleimani was planning to target four U.S. embassies - CBS Evening News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9UmQ5c01Dbm1veG_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

'America's Got Talent' Investigation Into Gabrielle Union Firing Could Change Season 15 - Showbiz Cheat Sheet
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGVhdHNoZWV0LmNvbS9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50L2FtZXJpY2FzLWdvdC10YWxlbnQtaW52ZXN0aWdhdGlvbi1pbnRvLWdhYnJpZWxsZS11bmlvbi1maXJpbmctY291bGQtY2hhbmdlLXNlYXNvbi0xNS5odG1sL9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.cheatsheet.com

More than 1,100 Chicago flights canceled due to winter weather - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9zdG9yeS90cmF2ZWwvbmV3cy8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3dpbnRlci13ZWF0aGVyLW1vcmUtdGhhbi0xLTAwMC1jaGljYWdvLWZsaWdodHMtY2FuY2VsZWQvNDQ0MjI1NjAwMi_SASdodHRwczovL2FtcC51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vYW1wLzQ0NDIyNTYwMDI?oc=5
https://www.usatoday.com

Bills' Cody Ford fined for illegal blindside block that knocked Buffalo out of field goal range in playoffs - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL2JpbGxzLWNvZHktZm9yZC1maW5lZC1mb3ItaWxsZWdhbC1ibGluZHNpZGUtYmxvY2stdGhhdC1rbm9ja2VkLWJ1ZmZhbG8tb3V0LW9mLWZpZWxkLWdvYWwtcmFuZ2UtaW4tcGxheW9mZnMv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vbmZsL25ld3MvYmlsbHMtY29keS1mb3JkLWZpbmVkLWZvci1pbGxlZ2FsLWJsaW5kc2lkZS1ibG9jay10aGF0LWtub2NrZWQtYnVmZmFsby1vdXQtb2YtZmllbGQtZ29hbC1yYW5nZS1pbi1wbGF5b2Zmcy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Lake Michigan waves and wind hamper Lake Shore Drive traffic - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGljYWdvdHJpYnVuZS5jb20vd2VhdGhlci9jdC1jaGljYWdvLXdlYXRoZXItZm9yZWNhc3QtaGlnaC13aW5kcy1sYWtlc2hvcmUtMjAyMDAxMTEtaGg0aWYyZ2N5dmR4M2c0dWw1ZjdiYWhqeDQtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

The biggest downside to America's sweeping new retirement law - Yahoo Money
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiR2h0dHBzOi8vbW9uZXkueWFob28uY29tL3NlY3VyZS1hY3QtY2hhbmdlcy10by1yZXRpcmVtZW50LTIxMDA0NTgxMy5odG1s0gFTaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvbW9uZXkvc2VjdXJlLWFjdC1jaGFuZ2VzLXRvLXJldGlyZW1lbnQtMjEwMDQ1ODEzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://money.yahoo.com

Storm cancels more than 1,200 flights at O'Hare, Midway - Chicago Daily Herald
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhaWx5aGVyYWxkLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAwMTExL3N0b3JtLWNhbmNlbHMtbW9yZS10aGFuLTEyMDAtZmxpZ2h0cy1hdC1vaGFyZS1taWR3YXnSAUBodHRwczovL3d3dy5kYWlseWhlcmFsZC5jb20vYW1wLWFydGljbGUvMjAyMDAxMTEvbmV3cy8yMDAxMTk4MTkv?oc=5
https://www.dailyherald.com

Deadly Storms Sweep Through Southern United States, Leaving At Least 9 Dead - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ucHIub3JnLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvNzk1NTkxODk0L2RlYWRseS1zdG9ybXMtc3dlZXAtdGhyb3VnaC1zb3V0aGVybi11bml0ZWQtc3RhdGVzLWxlYXZpbmctYXQtbGVhc3QtOS1kZWFkP2Z0PW5wcm1sJmY9Nzk1NTkxODk00gEA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

49ers' Taylor had five surgeries throughout 2019 season - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vYmF5YXJlYS80OWVycy80OWVycy10cmVudC10YXlsb3ItbG9va3MtcmV0dXJuLXNwcmluZy1hZnRlci1maXZlLXN1cmdlcmllc9IBAA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

NFL playoff picks: Take the favorite 49ers over the Vikings - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL25mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXBpY2tzLXRha2UtdGhlLWZhdm9yaXRlLTQ5ZXJzLW92ZXItdGhlLXZpa2luZ3Mv0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9ueXBvc3QuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtcGlja3MtdGFrZS10aGUtZmF2b3JpdGUtNDllcnMtb3Zlci10aGUtdmlraW5ncy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://nypost.com

The world's most successful drummers are paying tribute to Neil Peart today - The A.V. Club
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy5hdmNsdWIuY29tL3RoZS13b3JsZHMtbW9zdC1zdWNjZXNzZnVsLWRydW1tZXJzLWFyZS1wYXlpbmctdHJpYnV0ZS0xODQwOTQ5OTE00gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9uZXdzLmF2Y2x1Yi5jb20vdGhlLXdvcmxkcy1tb3N0LXN1Y2Nlc3NmdWwtZHJ1bW1lcnMtYXJlLXBheWluZy10cmlidXRlLTE4NDA5NDk5MTQvYW1w?oc=5
https://news.avclub.com

Game-changing drive? Richard Sherman's INT, Tevin Coleman's TD puts 49ers ahead - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY1Mzg2L2dhbWUtY2hhbmdpbmctZHJpdmUtcmljaGFyZC1zaGVybWFuLWludC10ZXZpbi1jb2xlbWFuLXRkLXB1dHMtNDllcnMtYWhlYWTSAYMBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NjUzODYvZ2FtZS1jaGFuZ2luZy1kcml2ZS1yaWNoYXJkLXNoZXJtYW4taW50LXRldmluLWNvbGVtYW4tdGQtcHV0cy00OWVycy1haGVhZD9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

NFL playoff bracket 2020: Schedule, dates, times, streaming info, TV for every round of NFC, AFC postseason - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtYnJhY2tldC1zY2hlZHVsZS10aW1lcy1kYXRlcy10di1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtYWZjLW5mYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL9IBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtYnJhY2tldC1zY2hlZHVsZS10aW1lcy1kYXRlcy10di1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtYWZjLW5mYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Breaking: 49ers knock out Vikings in NFC Divisional Round - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

49ers defense looks championship worthy as Vikings get demolished in blowout - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS80OS1lcnMtZGVmZW5zZS1sb29rcy1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtd29ydGh5LWFzLXZpa2luZ3MtZ2V0LWRlbW9saXNoZWQtaW4tYmxvd291dC0wMDIyMzc5MjQuaHRtbNIBfWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sLzQ5LWVycy1kZWZlbnNlLWxvb2tzLWNoYW1waW9uc2hpcC13b3J0aHktYXMtdmlraW5ncy1nZXQtZGVtb2xpc2hlZC1pbi1ibG93b3V0LTAwMjIzNzkyNC5odG1s?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

WATCH: Mark Richt comments on Jamie Newman, new Georgia football facilities - DawgNation
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmRhd2duYXRpb24uY29tL2Zvb3RiYWxsL2dlb3JnaWEtdWdhLW1hcmstcmljaHQtYnVsbGRvZ3MtamFtaWUtbmV3bWFu0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZGF3Z25hdGlvbi5jb20vZm9vdGJhbGwvZ2VvcmdpYS11Z2EtbWFyay1yaWNodC1idWxsZG9ncy1qYW1pZS1uZXdtYW4vYW1w?oc=5
https://www.dawgnation.com

Controversial blindside block from Bills-Texans game draws a fine - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9jb250cm92ZXJzaWFsLWJsaW5kc2lkZS1ibG9jay1mcm9tLWJpbGxzLXRleGFucy1nYW1lLWRyYXdzLWEtZmluZS_SAXdodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvY29udHJvdmVyc2lhbC1ibGluZHNpZGUtYmxvY2stZnJvbS1iaWxscy10ZXhhbnMtZ2FtZS1kcmF3cy1hLWZpbmUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

2 US service members killed by road side bomb in Afghanistan - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkLzItdXMtc2VydmljZS1tZW1iZXJzLWtpbGxlZC1ieS1yb2FkLXNpZGUtYm9tYi1pbi1hZmdoYW5pc3RhbtIBXmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3dvcmxkLzItdXMtc2VydmljZS1tZW1iZXJzLWtpbGxlZC1ieS1yb2FkLXNpZGUtYm9tYi1pbi1hZmdoYW5pc3Rhbi5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Chicago weather: Winter storm could kick up waves as high as 23 feet - Chicago Tribune
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jaGljYWdvdHJpYnVuZS5jb20vd2VhdGhlci9jdC1tZXQtbGFrZS1taWNoaWdhbi13YXZlcy13ZWF0aGVyLWNoaWNhZ28tMjAyMDAxMTEtcndhbG1kZGxwZmJ3eGQ3Y2Z3eWF3d3JqZmEtc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.chicagotribune.com

Breaking: 49ers knock out Vikings in NFC Divisional Round - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU5MTgvYXJ0aWNsZS80OWVycy1rbm9jay1vdXQtdmlraW5ncy0yNzEwLWluLW5mYy1kaXZpc2lvbmFsLXJvdW5k0gG9A2h0dHBzOi8vYW1wLm5mbC5jb20vbmV3cy9zdG9yeS8wYXAzMDAwMDAxMDk1OTE4L2FydGljbGUvNDllcnMta25vY2stb3V0LXZpa2luZ3MtMjcxMC1pbi1uZmMtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1yb3VuZD9uZXR3b3JrSWQ9NDU5NSZzaXRlPS5uZXdzJnpvbmU9c3Rvcnkmem9uZVVybD11cmwlM0RzdG9yeSZ6b25lS2V5cz1zMSUzRHN0b3J5JmVudiZwYWdlS2V5VmFsdWVzPXBydG5yJTNEYXJvdW5kLXRoZS1sZWFndWU7dGVhbSUzRHNmO3RlYW0lM0RzZWE7dGVhbSUzRG1pbjtjb25mJTNEbmZjO2R2c24lM0RuY3c7ZHZzbiUzRG5jbjtwbHlyJTNEdGV2aW5fY29sZW1hbjtwbHlyJTNEbWFyY3VzX3NoZXJlbHM7cGx5ciUzRGtpcmtfY291c2lucyZwLmN0PUFyb3VuZCt0aGUrTkZMJnAuYWRzbT10cnVlJnAudGNtPSUyM2ZmZiZwLmJnYzFtPSUyMzA5NjRiZiZwLmJnYzJtPSUyMzA1M2E3NCZzcj1hbXA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

Colin Cowherd makes his picks for the NFC and AFC Divisional Round Playoffs | NFL | THE HERD - The Herd with Colin Cowherd
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9T0F5d2Vtc3NxN03SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Freezing Rain, Sleet & Snow Expected In Chicago Area - NBC Chicago
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY2NoaWNhZ28uY29tL3dlYXRoZXIvZnJlZXppbmctcmFpbi1zbGVldC1zbm93LWV4cGVjdGVkLWluLWNoaWNhZ28tYXJlYS8yMTk5NzI5L9IBkgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uYmNjaGljYWdvLmNvbS93ZWF0aGVyL2ZyZWV6aW5nLXJhaW4tc2xlZXQtc25vdy1leHBlY3RlZC1pbi1jaGljYWdvLWFyZWEvMjE5OTcyOS8_YWttb2JpbGU9eSZha2RldmljZT1hbmRyb2lkcGhvbmUmc3NsRW5hYmxlZD10cnVlJmFtcA?oc=5
https://www.nbcchicago.com

Trump tweets support for Iranian protesters after Tehran admits to unintentionally shooting down Ukrainian plane - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zdXBwb3J0LWlyYW4tcHJvdGVzdGVycy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9wb2xpdGljcy90cnVtcC1zdXBwb3J0LWlyYW4tcHJvdGVzdGVycy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Titans vs. Ravens score: NFL playoffs live updates, odds, picks, TV, streaming info for AFC matchup - CBSSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3RpdGFucy12cy1yYXZlbnMtc2NvcmUtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLXR2LXN0cmVhbWluZy1pbmZvLWZvci1hZmMtbWF0Y2h1cC9saXZlL9IBigFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzL3RpdGFucy12cy1yYXZlbnMtc2NvcmUtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmZzLWxpdmUtdXBkYXRlcy1vZGRzLXBpY2tzLXR2LXN0cmVhbWluZy1pbmZvLWZvci1hZmMtbWF0Y2h1cC9saXZlL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

2020 NFL playoff bracket: Schedule, times, dates, TV, streaming info for every round of AFC, NFC postseason - CBS Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMijQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNzcG9ydHMuY29tL25mbC9uZXdzLzIwMjAtbmZsLXBsYXlvZmYtYnJhY2tldC1zY2hlZHVsZS10aW1lcy1kYXRlcy10di1zdHJlYW1pbmctaW5mby1mb3ItZXZlcnktcm91bmQtb2YtYWZjLW5mYy1wb3N0c2Vhc29uL2FtcC_SAY0BaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY2Jzc3BvcnRzLmNvbS9uZmwvbmV3cy8yMDIwLW5mbC1wbGF5b2ZmLWJyYWNrZXQtc2NoZWR1bGUtdGltZXMtZGF0ZXMtdHYtc3RyZWFtaW5nLWluZm8tZm9yLWV2ZXJ5LXJvdW5kLW9mLWFmYy1uZmMtcG9zdHNlYXNvbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://www.cbssports.com

Ravens RB Mark Ingram (calf) active vs. Titans - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__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?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

QB Jimmy Garoppolo leads 49ers to 27-10 over Vikings in NFC playoffs - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY1NzE4L3FiLWppbW15LWdhcm9wcG9sby1sZWFkcy00OWVycy0yNy0xMC12aWtpbmdzLW5mYy1wbGF5b2Zmc9IBc2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY1NzE4L3FiLWppbW15LWdhcm9wcG9sby1sZWFkcy00OWVycy0yNy0xMC12aWtpbmdzLW5mYy1wbGF5b2Zmcz9wbGF0Zm9ybT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Amazon boss Bezos to face protests from traders during India trip - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9hbWF6b24tYm9zcy1iZXpvcy1mYWNlLXByb3Rlc3RzLTEyMTkxODc1OS5odG1s0gFVaHR0cHM6Ly9maW5hbmNlLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9hbXBodG1sL25ld3MvYW1hem9uLWJvc3MtYmV6b3MtZmFjZS1wcm90ZXN0cy0xMjE5MTg3NTkuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://finance.yahoo.com

US troops knew about attack on al-Asad airbase, were able to take shelter: report | TheHill - The Hill
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vdGhlaGlsbC5jb20vcG9saWN5L2ludGVybmF0aW9uYWwvbWlkZGxlLWVhc3Qtbm9ydGgtYWZyaWNhLzQ3Nzg1MS11cy10cm9vcHMta25ldy1hYm91dC1hdHRhY2stb24tYWwtYXNhZC1haXJiYXNl0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly90aGVoaWxsLmNvbS9wb2xpY3kvaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC9taWRkbGUtZWFzdC1ub3J0aC1hZnJpY2EvNDc3ODUxLXVzLXRyb29wcy1rbmV3LWFib3V0LWF0dGFjay1vbi1hbC1hc2FkLWFpcmJhc2U_YW1w?oc=5
https://thehill.com

2 US service members killed by IED explosion in Afghanistan - ABC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vYWJjbmV3cy5nby5jb20vSW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC91cy1zZXJ2aWNlLW1lbWJlcnMta2lsbGVkLWllZC1leHBsb3Npb24tYWZnaGFuaXN0YW4vc3Rvcnk_aWQ9NjgyMTUzNzbSAQA?oc=5
https://abcnews.go.com

Ravens open postseason with a tough matchup against the Titans - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXRlbm5lc3NlZS10aXRhbnMtcGxheW9mZnMv0gFraHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2JhbHRpbW9yZS1yYXZlbnMtdGVubmVzc2VlLXRpdGFucy1wbGF5b2Zmcy8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

THIN LIZZY's SCOTT GORHAM: NEIL PEART Will 'Continue To Be An Inspiration For Many Aspiring Drummers' - BLABBERMOUTH.NET
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5ibGFiYmVybW91dGgubmV0L25ld3MvdGhpbi1saXp6eXMtc2NvdHQtZ29yaGFtLW5laWwtcGVhcnQtd2lsbC1jb250aW51ZS10by1iZS1hbi1pbnNwaXJhdGlvbi1mb3ItbWFueS1hc3BpcmluZy1kcnVtbWVycy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.blabbermouth.net

U.S. and China set to sign "Phase One" of trade deal - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9YjRnbHlCZWhDZ2vSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

'Keep your war away': Iraqis revive protests amid US-Iran tension - Al Jazeera English
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9VS1JUWZzdHBFdVXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

49ers defense looks championship worthy as Vikings get demolished in blowout - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS80OS1lcnMtZGVmZW5zZS1sb29rcy1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtd29ydGh5LWFzLXZpa2luZ3MtZ2V0LWRlbW9saXNoZWQtaW4tYmxvd291dC0wMDIyMzc5MjQuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

14 Reactions To Justin Chambers Leaving "Grey's Anatomy," Including Ellen Pompeo's - BuzzFeed
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJ1enpmZWVkLmNvbS9zaHlsYXdhdHNvbi9lbGxlbi1wb21wZW8tanVzdGluLWNoYW1iZXJzLWdyZXlzLWFuYXRvbXktcmVhY3Rpb25z0gFhaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYnV6emZlZWQuY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvc2h5bGF3YXRzb24vZWxsZW4tcG9tcGVvLWp1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1ncmV5cy1hbmF0b215LXJlYWN0aW9ucw?oc=5
https://www.buzzfeed.com

Mike Bloomberg interview: Bloomberg says "if it's Donald Trump vs. Bernie, I would support Bernie" - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9uZXdzL21pa2UtYmxvb21iZXJnLWludGVydmlldy1ibG9vbWJlcmctc2F5cy1pZi1pdHMtZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLXZzLWJlcm5pZS1pLXdvdWxkLXN1cHBvcnQtYmVybmllLTIwMjAtMDEtMTEv0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNic25ld3MuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzL21pa2UtYmxvb21iZXJnLWludGVydmlldy1ibG9vbWJlcmctc2F5cy1pZi1pdHMtZG9uYWxkLXRydW1wLXZzLWJlcm5pZS1pLXdvdWxkLXN1cHBvcnQtYmVybmllLTIwMjAtMDEtMTEv?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Exclusive: Trump Cuts National Security Council Even Amid Iran Tensions - NPR
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5wci5vcmcvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS83OTUzNzQwMzAvZXhjbHVzaXZlLWlyYW4tc3RyaWtlLXdvbnQtc2xvdy10cnVtcC1zLWN1dHMtdG8tbmF0aW9uYWwtc2VjdXJpdHktY291bmNpbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.npr.org

Jimmy G & 49ers March Downfield for a Quick TD - NFL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9amJtX1hhVUNCazTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Ravens and Titans are underway in AFC playoff matchup - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMia2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndhc2hpbmd0b25wb3N0LmNvbS9zcG9ydHMvMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXRlbm5lc3NlZS10aXRhbnMtcGxheW9mZnMvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w0gFraHR0cHM6Ly93d3cud2FzaGluZ3RvbnBvc3QuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy8yMDIwLzAxLzExL2JhbHRpbW9yZS1yYXZlbnMtdGVubmVzc2VlLXRpdGFucy1wbGF5b2Zmcy8_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Stefon Diggs goes deep for Vikings TD - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9zdGVmb24tZGlnZ3MtZ29lcy1kZWVwLWZvci12aWtpbmdzLXRkL9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9zdGVmb24tZGlnZ3MtZ29lcy1kZWVwLWZvci12aWtpbmdzLXRkL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

The impact of Australia's bushfires on wildlife - CBS This Morning
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9MU15WHBmRE92VXPSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Game-changing drive? Richard Sherman's INT, Tevin Coleman's TD puts 49ers ahead - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY1Mzg2L2dhbWUtY2hhbmdpbmctZHJpdmUtcmljaGFyZC1zaGVybWFuLWludC10ZXZpbi1jb2xlbWFuLXRkLXB1dHMtNDllcnMtYWhlYWTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

17-year-old Wolf Cukier discovers planet during NASA internship - Mashable
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vbWFzaGFibGUuY29tL2FydGljbGUvdGVlbi1kaXNjb3ZlcnMtcGxhbmV0LW5hc2EtaW50ZXJuc2hpcC_SAUZodHRwczovL21hc2hhYmxlLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3RlZW4tZGlzY292ZXJzLXBsYW5ldC1uYXNhLWludGVybnNoaXAuYW1w?oc=5
https://mashable.com

Ear-pleasing new report confirms volcanic source of mysterious global hum - SYFY WIRE
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnN5ZnkuY29tL3N5Znl3aXJlL3ZvbGNhbmljLXNvdXJjZS1vZi1teXN0ZXJpb3VzLWdsb2JhbC1odW3SAUpodHRwczovL3d3dy5zeWZ5LmNvbS9zeWZ5d2lyZS92b2xjYW5pYy1zb3VyY2Utb2YtbXlzdGVyaW91cy1nbG9iYWwtaHVtP2FtcA?oc=5
https://www.syfy.com

Mike Bloomberg interview: Bloomberg says "if it's Donald Trump vs. Bernie, I would support Bernie" - CBS News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9taWtlLWJsb29tYmVyZy1pbnRlcnZpZXctYmxvb21iZXJnLXNheXMtaWYtaXRzLWRvbmFsZC10cnVtcC12cy1iZXJuaWUtaS13b3VsZC1zdXBwb3J0LWJlcm5pZS0yMDIwLTAxLTExL9IBiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jYnNuZXdzLmNvbS9hbXAvbmV3cy9taWtlLWJsb29tYmVyZy1pbnRlcnZpZXctYmxvb21iZXJnLXNheXMtaWYtaXRzLWRvbmFsZC10cnVtcC12cy1iZXJuaWUtaS13b3VsZC1zdXBwb3J0LWJlcm5pZS0yMDIwLTAxLTExLw?oc=5
https://www.cbsnews.com

Ed Orgeron, 4 bowls of gumbo and Louisiana pride; LSU, Clemson have say on CFP 'home game' - The Advocate
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWFkdm9jYXRlLmNvbS9iYXRvbl9yb3VnZS9zcG9ydHMvbHN1L2FydGljbGVfODE0Y2I1NzgtMzRhMi0xMWVhLThiZjYtN2IzNWQ5ZGIyMzMzLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.theadvocate.com

Pompeo says US believes 'likely' Iran shot down plane - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9wb2xpdGljcy9wb21wZW8tbGlrZWx5LWlyYW4tdWtyYWluaWFuLXBsYW5lL2luZGV4Lmh0bWzSAVlodHRwczovL2FtcC5jbm4uY29tL2Nubi8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL3BvbGl0aWNzL3BvbXBlby1saWtlbHktaXJhbi11a3JhaW5pYW4tcGxhbmUvaW5kZXguaHRtbA?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Trump Allies Eye Buyout of One America News Network: WSJ - The Daily Beast
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWRhaWx5YmVhc3QuY29tL3RydW1wLWFsbGllcy1leWUtYnV5b3V0LW9mLW9uZS1hbWVyaWNhLW5ld3MtbmV0d29yay13c2rSAQA?oc=5
https://www.thedailybeast.com

Iran plane crash: Ukraine recieves 'Important data' from US as Tehran denies missile attack - The - The Washington Post
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMitgFodHRwczovL3d3dy53YXNoaW5ndG9ucG9zdC5jb20vd29ybGQvZXVyb3BlL3VrcmFpbmUtcmVxdWVzdHMtaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlLW9uLWNyYXNoZWQtYWlybGluZXItYXMtaXJhbi1kZW5pZXMtbWlzc2lsZS1hdHRhY2svMjAyMC8wMS8xMC8zOGUyMWFkOC0zMzJkLTExZWEtYTA1My1kYzZkOTQ0YmE3NzZfc3RvcnkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.washingtonpost.com

Church of the Highlands buys US 280 properties for college campus in $34.9M deals - WBRC
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndicmMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvY2h1cmNoLWhpZ2hsYW5kcy1idXlzLXVzLXByb3BlcnRpZXMtY29sbGVnZS1jYW1wdXMtbS1kZWFscy_SAWpodHRwczovL3d3dy53YnJjLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NodXJjaC1oaWdobGFuZHMtYnV5cy11cy1wcm9wZXJ0aWVzLWNvbGxlZ2UtY2FtcHVzLW0tZGVhbHMvP291dHB1dFR5cGU9YW1w?oc=5
https://www.wbrc.com

Box Office: ‘1917’ Dethrones ‘Star Wars’ With $14M Friday - Forbes
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvc2NvdHRtZW5kZWxzb24vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9ib3gtb2ZmaWNlLTE5MTctZGV0aHJvbmVzLXN0YXItd2Fycy13aXRoLTE0LW1pbGxpb24tZnJpZGF5L9IBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvc2NvdHRtZW5kZWxzb24vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9ib3gtb2ZmaWNlLTE5MTctZGV0aHJvbmVzLXN0YXItd2Fycy13aXRoLTE0LW1pbGxpb24tZnJpZGF5L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.forbes.com

'Space unites us': First Iranian-American astronaut reaches for stars - Yahoo News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vbmV3cy55YWhvby5jb20vc3BhY2UtdW5pdGVzLXVzLWZpcnN0LWlyYW5pYW4tYW1lcmljYW4tYXN0cm9uYXV0LXJlYWNoZXMtMDEyOTM2NzQzLmh0bWzSAWZodHRwczovL25ld3MueWFob28uY29tL2FtcGh0bWwvc3BhY2UtdW5pdGVzLXVzLWZpcnN0LWlyYW5pYW4tYW1lcmljYW4tYXN0cm9uYXV0LXJlYWNoZXMtMDEyOTM2NzQzLmh0bWw?oc=5
https://news.yahoo.com

Lewis Capaldi and Dave lead Brit Award nominations - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiNGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy9lbnRlcnRhaW5tZW50LWFydHMtNTEwNjI1NDPSAThodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL2VudGVydGFpbm1lbnQtYXJ0cy01MTA2MjU0Mw?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

Cancer Death Rates Dropped in the USA for 26th Year in a Row - CleanTechnica
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vY2xlYW50ZWNobmljYS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC9jYW5jZXItZGVhdGgtcmF0ZXMtZHJvcHBlZC1pbi10aGUtdXNhLWZvci0yNnRoLXllYXItaW4tYS1yb3cv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly9jbGVhbnRlY2huaWNhLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzEwL2NhbmNlci1kZWF0aC1yYXRlcy1kcm9wcGVkLWluLXRoZS11c2EtZm9yLTI2dGgteWVhci1pbi1hLXJvdy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://cleantechnica.com

Who is 49ers TE George Kittle? According to the Kittles | NFL | NBC Sports - NBC Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9bkR2enBmMkNBWUnSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Tennessee Titans get two quick touchdowns after Baltimore Ravens turnovers - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY2MTg4L3Rlbm5lc3NlZS10aXRhbnMtZ2V0LXR3by1xdWljay10b3VjaGRvd25zLWJhbHRpbW9yZS1yYXZlbnMtdHVybm92ZXJz0gF-aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NjYxODgvdGVubmVzc2VlLXRpdGFucy1nZXQtdHdvLXF1aWNrLXRvdWNoZG93bnMtYmFsdGltb3JlLXJhdmVucy10dXJub3ZlcnM_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

China says won't change position on Taiwan after landslide election - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMigwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXRhaXdhbi1lbGVjdGlvbi9jaGluYS1zYXlzLXdvbnQtY2hhbmdlLXBvc2l0aW9uLW9uLXRhaXdhbi1hZnRlci1sYW5kc2xpZGUtZWxlY3Rpb24taWRVU0tCTjFaQjAxONIBNGh0dHBzOi8vbW9iaWxlLnJldXRlcnMuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYW1wL2lkVVNLQk4xWkIwMTg?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Bill Cowher first inducted into HOF 2020 Class - NFL.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiamh0dHA6Ly93d3cubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU5MzYvYXJ0aWNsZS9iaWxsLWNvd2hlci1pbmR1Y3RlZC1pbnRvLXByby1mb290YmFsbC1oYWxsLW9mLWZhbWXSAd0CaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAubmZsLmNvbS9uZXdzL3N0b3J5LzBhcDMwMDAwMDEwOTU5MzYvYXJ0aWNsZS9iaWxsLWNvd2hlci1pbmR1Y3RlZC1pbnRvLXByby1mb290YmFsbC1oYWxsLW9mLWZhbWU_bmV0d29ya0lkPTQ1OTUmc2l0ZT0ubmV3cyZ6b25lPXN0b3J5JnpvbmVVcmw9dXJsJTNEc3Rvcnkmem9uZUtleXM9czElM0RzdG9yeSZlbnYmcGFnZUtleVZhbHVlcz1wcnRuciUzRGFyb3VuZC10aGUtbGVhZ3VlO3RlYW0lM0RwaXQ7Y29uZiUzRGFmYztkdnNuJTNEYWNuJnAuY3Q9QXJvdW5kK3RoZStORkwmcC5hZHNtPXRydWUmcC50Y209JTIzZmZmJnAuYmdjMW09JTIzMDk2NGJmJnAuYmdjMm09JTIzMDUzYTc0JnNyPWFtcA?oc=5
http://www.nfl.com

Best of CES 2020: Everyone Is Apparently Connected to Everything Now - Rolling Stone
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vY3VsdHVyZS9jdWx0dXJlLW5ld3MvYmVzdC1vZi1jZXMtMjAyMC1uZXctbGF1bmNoZXMtcHJvZHVjdHMtOTM2NDY4L9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJvbGxpbmdzdG9uZS5jb20vY3VsdHVyZS9jdWx0dXJlLW5ld3MvYmVzdC1vZi1jZXMtMjAyMC1uZXctbGF1bmNoZXMtcHJvZHVjdHMtOTM2NDY4L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://www.rollingstone.com

Pro Football Hall of Fame surprises Bill Cowher on live TV, tells him he's in 2020 class - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9wcm8tZm9vdGJhbGwtaGFsbC1vZi1mYW1lLXN1cnByaXNlcy1iaWxsLWNvd2hlci1vbi1saXZlLXR2LXRlbGxzLWhpbS1oZXMtaW4tMjAyMC1jbGFzcy0wMTA1NDQ1ODQuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Newsom budget proposes $900 million to address teacher shortage - Los Angeles Times
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmxhdGltZXMuY29tL2NhbGlmb3JuaWEvc3RvcnkvMjAyMC0wMS0xMS9uZXdzb21zLWJ1ZGdldC1pbmNsdWRlcy05MDAtbWlsbGlvbi10by1hZGRyZXNzLWNhbGlmb3JuaWEtdGVhY2hlci1zaG9ydGFnZdIBAA?oc=5
https://www.latimes.com

LIVE UPDATES: Winter Storm Hits Chicago Area - CBS Chicago
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiQmh0dHBzOi8vY2hpY2Fnby5jYnNsb2NhbC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS93aW50ZXItc3Rvcm0tbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzL9IBRmh0dHBzOi8vY2hpY2Fnby5jYnNsb2NhbC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS93aW50ZXItc3Rvcm0tbGl2ZS11cGRhdGVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://chicago.cbslocal.com

Pro Football Hall of Fame surprises Bill Cowher on live TV, tells him he's in 2020 class - Yahoo Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMifmh0dHBzOi8vc3BvcnRzLnlhaG9vLmNvbS9wcm8tZm9vdGJhbGwtaGFsbC1vZi1mYW1lLXN1cnByaXNlcy1iaWxsLWNvd2hlci1vbi1saXZlLXR2LXRlbGxzLWhpbS1oZXMtaW4tMjAyMC1jbGFzcy0wMTA1NDQ1ODQuaHRtbNIBhgFodHRwczovL3Nwb3J0cy55YWhvby5jb20vYW1waHRtbC9wcm8tZm9vdGJhbGwtaGFsbC1vZi1mYW1lLXN1cnByaXNlcy1iaWxsLWNvd2hlci1vbi1saXZlLXR2LXRlbGxzLWhpbS1oZXMtaW4tMjAyMC1jbGFzcy0wMTA1NDQ1ODQuaHRtbA?oc=5
https://sports.yahoo.com

Bill Cowher elected to Pro Football Hall of Fame's centennial class - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL25mbC9zdG9yeS9fL2lkLzI4NDY1OTE2L2JpbGwtY293aGVyLWVsZWN0ZWQtcHJvLWZvb3RiYWxsLWhhbGwtZmFtZS1jZW50ZW5uaWFsLWNsYXNz0gF1aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NjU5MTYvYmlsbC1jb3doZXItZWxlY3RlZC1wcm8tZm9vdGJhbGwtaGFsbC1mYW1lLWNlbnRlbm5pYWwtY2xhc3M_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Trump Allies Explore Buyout of Conservative Channel Seeking to Compete With Fox News - Wall Street Journal
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiemh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lndzai5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvdHJ1bXAtYWxsaWVzLWV4cGxvcmUtYnV5b3V0LW9mLWNvbnNlcnZhdGl2ZS1uZXdzLWNoYW5uZWwtb25lLWFtZXJpY2EtbmV3cy1uZXR3b3JrLTExNTc4Njk2NzY30gEA?oc=5
https://www.wsj.com

Ellen Pompeo Reacts to Justin Chambers Exit From ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ - Deadline
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYmh0dHBzOi8vZGVhZGxpbmUuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvZWxsZW4tcG9tcGVvLXJlYWN0cy10by1qdXN0aW4tY2hhbWJlcnMtZ3JleXMtYW5hdG9teS1leGl0LTEyMDI4Mjc5Nzcv0gFmaHR0cHM6Ly9kZWFkbGluZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS9lbGxlbi1wb21wZW8tcmVhY3RzLXRvLWp1c3Rpbi1jaGFtYmVycy1ncmV5cy1hbmF0b215LWV4aXQtMTIwMjgyNzk3Ny9hbXAv?oc=5
https://deadline.com

49ers win 1st playoff game in 6 years, 27-10 over Vikings - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiV2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy80OWVycy13aW4tMXN0LXBsYXlvZmYtZ2FtZS1pbi02LXllYXJzLTI3LTEwLW92ZXItdmlraW5nc9IBW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL3Nwb3J0cy80OWVycy13aW4tMXN0LXBsYXlvZmYtZ2FtZS1pbi02LXllYXJzLTI3LTEwLW92ZXItdmlraW5ncy5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

Officials: 3 dead in Alabama, bringing storm death toll to 7 - AOL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmFvbC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZS93ZWF0aGVyLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvMy1kZWFkLWFsYWJhbWEtc3Rvcm0tZGVhdGgtdG9sbC8yMzg5OTExNy_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.aol.com

Waves on Lake Shore Drive in Chicago - WKRG
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9a2FSVzBJeWNNZnfSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Why TinyML is a giant opportunity - VentureBeat
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiRWh0dHBzOi8vdmVudHVyZWJlYXQuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd2h5LXRpbnltbC1pcy1hLWdpYW50LW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5L9IBSWh0dHBzOi8vdmVudHVyZWJlYXQuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvd2h5LXRpbnltbC1pcy1hLWdpYW50LW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5L2FtcC8?oc=5
https://venturebeat.com

Vikings coach Zimmer calls out 49ers' Bosa for 'cheap shot' - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vYmF5YXJlYS80OWVycy92aWtpbmdzLWNvYWNoLW1pa2UtemltbWVyLWNhbGxzLW91dC00OWVycy1uaWNrLWJvc2EtY2hlYXAtc2hvdNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.nbcsports.com

Selena Gomez Wows in Striking Outfit at Dolittle Premiere - E! NEWS
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL25ld3MvMTExMDgwNi9zZWxlbmEtZ29tZXotdHVybnMtaGVhZHMtaW4tc3RyaWtpbmctY29sb3ItYmxvY2stb3V0Zml0LWF0LWRvbGl0dGxlLXByZW1pZXJl0gFzaHR0cHM6Ly9tLmVvbmxpbmUuY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzExMTA4MDYvc2VsZW5hLWdvbWV6LXR1cm5zLWhlYWRzLWluLXN0cmlraW5nLWNvbG9yLWJsb2NrLW91dGZpdC1hdC1kb2xpdHRsZS1wcmVtaWVyZQ?oc=5
https://www.eonline.com

Qassem Soleimani carrying phone, cash and poetry books when killed - New York Post 
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3Fhc3NlbS1zb2xlaW1hbmktY2FycnlpbmctcGhvbmUtY2FzaC1hbmQtcG9ldHJ5LWJvb2tzLXdoZW4ta2lsbGVkL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vbnlwb3N0LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3Fhc3NlbS1zb2xlaW1hbmktY2FycnlpbmctcGhvbmUtY2FzaC1hbmQtcG9ldHJ5LWJvb2tzLXdoZW4ta2lsbGVkL2FtcC8?oc=5
https://nypost.com

How did Kyle Shanahan grow to become 49ers head coach? | NFL | NBC Sports - NBC Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9cl9hY3Z3eFBRMFXSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Australia fires: PM admits mistakes in handling of crisis - BBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiMWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJiYy5jb20vbmV3cy93b3JsZC1hdXN0cmFsaWEtNTEwODA1NjfSATVodHRwczovL3d3dy5iYmMuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL3dvcmxkLWF1c3RyYWxpYS01MTA4MDU2Nw?oc=5
https://www.bbc.com

49ers Defense DOMINATES Vikings w/ 6 Sacks! | NFL 2019 Highlights - NFL
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9czlQSXNzRUduUG_SAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Can Giants pull off quick turnaround, like 49ers? Why they must give Joe Judge the patience that Kyle Shanaha - NJ.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMilwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5uai5jb20vZ2lhbnRzLzIwMjAvMDEvY2FuLWdpYW50cy1wdWxsLW9mZi1xdWljay10dXJuYXJvdW5kLWxpa2UtNDllcnMtd2h5LXRoZXktbXVzdC1naXZlLWpvZS1qdWRnZS10aGUtcGF0aWVuY2UtdGhhdC1reWxlLXNoYW5haGFuLWdvdC5odG1s0gGmAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5qLmNvbS9naWFudHMvMjAyMC8wMS9jYW4tZ2lhbnRzLXB1bGwtb2ZmLXF1aWNrLXR1cm5hcm91bmQtbGlrZS00OWVycy13aHktdGhleS1tdXN0LWdpdmUtam9lLWp1ZGdlLXRoZS1wYXRpZW5jZS10aGF0LWt5bGUtc2hhbmFoYW4tZ290Lmh0bWw_b3V0cHV0VHlwZT1hbXA?oc=5
https://www.nj.com

'Making It' Renewed for Season 3 at NBC: Amy Poehler, Nick Offerman - TVLine
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vdHZsaW5lLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL21ha2luZy1pdC1yZW5ld2VkLXNlYXNvbi0zLW5iYy1hbXktcG9laGxlci_SAQA?oc=5
https://tvline.com

Selena Gomez Goofs Around With Robert Downey Jr. In Pink Bodysuit Look At ‘Dolittle’ Premiere – Pics - Hollywood Life
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiWWh0dHBzOi8vaG9sbHl3b29kbGlmZS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9zZWxlbmEtZ29tZXotcm9iZXJ0LWRvd25leS1qci1kb2xpdHRsZS1wcmVtaWVyZS1waWMv0gFdaHR0cHM6Ly9ob2xseXdvb2RsaWZlLmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExL3NlbGVuYS1nb21lei1yb2JlcnQtZG93bmV5LWpyLWRvbGl0dGxlLXByZW1pZXJlLXBpYy9hbXAv?oc=5
https://hollywoodlife.com

After delays, noise-adapting NuraLoop earbuds are coming soon and sound great - TechCrunch
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMic2h0dHBzOi8vdGVjaGNydW5jaC5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS9hZnRlci1kZWxheXMtbm9pc2UtYWRhcHRpbmctbnVyYWxvb3AtZWFyYnVkcy1hcmUtY29taW5nLXNvb24tYW5kLXNvdW5kLWdyZWF0L2FtcC_SAXNodHRwczovL3RlY2hjcnVuY2guY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYWZ0ZXItZGVsYXlzLW5vaXNlLWFkYXB0aW5nLW51cmFsb29wLWVhcmJ1ZHMtYXJlLWNvbWluZy1zb29uLWFuZC1zb3VuZC1ncmVhdC9hbXAv?oc=5
https://techcrunch.com

49ers dominate Vikings, get ready to host NFC Championship Game - NBCSports.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vcHJvZm9vdGJhbGx0YWxrLm5iY3Nwb3J0cy5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS80OWVycy1kb21pbmF0ZS12aWtpbmdzLWdldC1yZWFkeS10by1ob3N0LW5mYy1jaGFtcGlvbnNoaXAtZ2FtZS_SAXRodHRwczovL3Byb2Zvb3RiYWxsdGFsay5uYmNzcG9ydHMuY29tLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvNDllcnMtZG9taW5hdGUtdmlraW5ncy1nZXQtcmVhZHktdG8taG9zdC1uZmMtY2hhbXBpb25zaGlwLWdhbWUvYW1wLw?oc=5
https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com

A man in Seattle killed himself thinking that he'd hurt someone in a hit-and-run. A cop's lie 'contributed' to his suicide, police watchdog says - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMC91cy9zZWF0dGxlLXBvbGljZS1vZmZpY2VyLXJ1c2UtbWFuLXN1aWNpZGUvaW5kZXguaHRtbNIBWGh0dHBzOi8vYW1wLmNubi5jb20vY25uLzIwMjAvMDEvMTAvdXMvc2VhdHRsZS1wb2xpY2Utb2ZmaWNlci1ydXNlLW1hbi1zdWljaWRlL2luZGV4Lmh0bWw?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

California governor seeks $1.4 billion to combat homelessness as crisis grows - NBC News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9jYWxpZm9ybmlhLWdvdmVybm9yLXNlZWtzLTEtNC1iaWxsaW9uLWNvbWJhdC1ob21lbGVzc25lc3MtY3Jpc2lzLWdyb3dzLW4xMTEzOTI20gEsaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubmJjbmV3cy5jb20vbmV3cy9hbXAvbmNuYTExMTM5MjY?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

The Galaxy S11 actually IS the Galaxy S20, according to a Samsung “insider” tip - Notebookcheck.net
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5vdGVib29rY2hlY2submV0L1RoZS1HYWxheHktUzExLWFjdHVhbGx5LUlTLXRoZS1HYWxheHktUzIwLWFjY29yZGluZy10by1hLVNhbXN1bmctaW5zaWRlci10aXAuNDUwMDIwLjAuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
https://www.notebookcheck.net

Bad weather causing power outages - WILX-TV
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LndpbHguY29tL2NvbnRlbnQvbmV3cy9OZWFybHktMjAwMC1wZW9wbGUtd2l0aG91dC1wb3dlci0tNTY2OTA5MTcxLmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
https://www.wilx.com

The technology of the future paints a very lonely picture for all of us - CNN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS90ZWNoL2Nlcy0yMDIwLXRlY2hub2xvZ3ktbG9uZWx5LWZ1dHVyZS9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS90ZWNoL2Nlcy0yMDIwLXRlY2hub2xvZ3ktbG9uZWx5LWZ1dHVyZS9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
https://www.cnn.com

Pit bull owner accused of murder after she and dog allegedly attacked man - NBCNews.com
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvdXMtbmV3cy9waXQtYnVsbC1vd25lci1hY2N1c2VkLW11cmRlci1hZnRlci1zaGUtZG9nLWFsbGVnZWRseS1hdHRhY2tlZC1uMTExNDEyNtIBLGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5iY25ld3MuY29tL25ld3MvYW1wL25jbmExMTE0MTI2?oc=5
https://www.nbcnews.com

Baltimore Ravens receiver Hollywood Brown makes one-handed catch between three Tennessee Titans - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5lc3BuLmNvbS9uZmwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ2NjQ3NS9iYWx0aW1vcmUtcmF2ZW5zLXJlY2VpdmVyLWhvbGx5d29vZC1icm93bi1tYWtlcy1vbmUtaGFuZGVkLWNhdGNoLXRocmVlLXRlbm5lc3NlZS10aXRhbnPSAZEBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbmZsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NjY0NzUvYmFsdGltb3JlLXJhdmVucy1yZWNlaXZlci1ob2xseXdvb2QtYnJvd24tbWFrZXMtb25lLWhhbmRlZC1jYXRjaC10aHJlZS10ZW5uZXNzZWUtdGl0YW5zP3BsYXRmb3JtPWFtcA?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Clemson stuns host UNC after going 0-for-59 in Chapel Hill - ESPN
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmVzcG4uY29tL21lbnMtY29sbGVnZS1iYXNrZXRiYWxsL3N0b3J5L18vaWQvMjg0NjU1MzgvY2xlbXNvbi1zdHVucy1ob3N0LXVuYy1nb2luZy0wLTU5LWNoYXBlbC1oaWxs0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZXNwbi5jb20vbWVucy1jb2xsZWdlLWJhc2tldGJhbGwvc3RvcnkvXy9pZC8yODQ2NTUzOC9jbGVtc29uLXN0dW5zLWhvc3QtdW5jLWdvaW5nLTAtNTktY2hhcGVsLWhpbGw_cGxhdGZvcm09YW1w?oc=5
https://www.espn.com

Steve McQueen's 'Bullitt' Mustang sells for $3.4 million at auction - Mashable
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiPGh0dHBzOi8vbWFzaGFibGUuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYnVsbGl0LW11c3Rhbmctc29sZC1hdC1hdWN0aW9uL9IBP2h0dHBzOi8vbWFzaGFibGUuY29tL2FydGljbGUvYnVsbGl0LW11c3Rhbmctc29sZC1hdC1hdWN0aW9uLmFtcA?oc=5
https://mashable.com

President Trump gives new details on what led to the killing of General Soleimani - CBS Evening News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9NjRnbDZJTExmbjjSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

China says will not change position on Taiwan after landslide election - Reuters
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMihwFodHRwczovL3d3dy5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL3VzLXRhaXdhbi1lbGVjdGlvbi9jaGluYS1zYXlzLXdpbGwtbm90LWNoYW5nZS1wb3NpdGlvbi1vbi10YWl3YW4tYWZ0ZXItbGFuZHNsaWRlLWVsZWN0aW9uLWlkVVNLQk4xWkIwMTjSATRodHRwczovL21vYmlsZS5yZXV0ZXJzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2FtcC9pZFVTS0JOMVpCMDE4?oc=5
https://www.reuters.com

Garoppolo is worth every penny for 49ers, Brady may be at fault for Pats' WR woes | NFL | THE HERD - The Herd with Colin Cowherd
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9Y2E4RUVsQTF3djDSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Bernie campaign slams Warren as candidate of the elite - POLITICO
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnBvbGl0aWNvLmNvbS9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYmVybmllLXF1aWV0bHktZ29lcy1uZWdhdGl2ZS1vbi13YXJyZW4tMDk3NTk00gFaaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cucG9saXRpY28uY29tL2FtcC9uZXdzLzIwMjAvMDEvMTEvYmVybmllLXF1aWV0bHktZ29lcy1uZWdhdGl2ZS1vbi13YXJyZW4tMDk3NTk0?oc=5
https://www.politico.com

Texas teen, 15, becomes nation’s youngest vaping-related fatality - Fox News
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC90ZXhhcy10ZWVuLXZhcGluZy1kZWF0aC15b3VuZ2VzdNIBQ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC90ZXhhcy10ZWVuLXZhcGluZy1kZWF0aC15b3VuZ2VzdC5hbXA?oc=5
https://www.foxnews.com

NFL Divisional Round Recap: 49ers believing in Jimmy Garoppolo, Kyle Shanahan | NBC Sports - NBC Sports
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiK2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnlvdXR1YmUuY29tL3dhdGNoP3Y9WkRhbVlYY3N6NDTSAQA?oc=5
https://www.youtube.com

Kenny Aronoff Remembers His Friend Neil Peart: 'Everything Had a Purpose' - Billboard
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJpbGxib2FyZC5jb20vYXJ0aWNsZXMvY29sdW1ucy9yb2NrLzg1NDc4NDQva2VubnktYXJvbm9mZi1uZWlsLXBlYXJ0LXJ1c2jSAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5iaWxsYm9hcmQuY29tL2FtcC9hcnRpY2xlcy9jb2x1bW5zL3JvY2svODU0Nzg0NC9rZW5ueS1hcm9ub2ZmLW5laWwtcGVhcnQtcnVzaA?oc=5
https://www.billboard.com

6 takeaways from 49ers' 27-10 playoff win over Vikings - Niners Wire
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vbmluZXJzd2lyZS51c2F0b2RheS5jb20vMjAyMC8wMS8xMS80OWVycy12aWtpbmdzLXNjb3JlLWRpdmlzaW9uYWwtcGxheW9mZi1yZXN1bHRzLXRldmluLWNvbGVtYW4v0gFsaHR0cHM6Ly9uaW5lcnN3aXJlLnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS8yMDIwLzAxLzExLzQ5ZXJzLXZpa2luZ3Mtc2NvcmUtZGl2aXNpb25hbC1wbGF5b2ZmLXJlc3VsdHMtdGV2aW4tY29sZW1hbi9hbXAv?oc=5
https://ninerswire.usatoday.com

UFC 246 fight card: McGregor vs. Cowboy - MMA Fighting
https://news.google.com/__i/rss/rd/articles/CBMiVGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS8yMDIwLzEvMTEvMjEwNjAzMDEvdWZjLTI0Ni1maWdodC1jYXJkLW1jZ3JlZ29yLXZzLWNvd2JvedIBYWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1tYWZpZ2h0aW5nLmNvbS9wbGF0Zm9ybS9hbXAvMjAyMC8xLzExLzIxMDYwMzAxL3VmYy0yNDYtZmlnaHQtY2FyZC1tY2dyZWdvci12cy1jb3dib3k?oc=5
https://www.mmafighting.com

